---
episode_id: s01e14
title: The One With the Candy Hearts
season: 1
episode: 14
---

# S01E14 The One With the Candy Hearts

## Scene s01e14_sc01 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Ross is eyeing a beautiful woman at the counter, and Joey and Chandler are egging him on to go talk to her. No pun intended. I mean it.

- Joey: I'm tellin' you Ross, she wants you. [line_index=0]
- Ross: She barely knows me. We just live in the same building. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Any contact? [line_index=2]
- Ross: She lent me an egg once. [line_index=3]
- Joey: You're in! [line_index=4]
- Ross: Aw, right. [line_index=5]
- Woman: Hi, Ross. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Hey. [line_index=7; stage=stutters something incoherent]
- Chandler: Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbian—I don't think we need a third... [line_index=8]
- Joey: Excuse me, could we get an egg over here, still in the shell? Thanks. [line_index=9]
- Ross: An egg? [line_index=10]
- Joey: Yeah, you're gonna go up to her and say, "Here's your egg back, I'm returning your egg." [line_index=11]
- Chandler: I think it's winning. [line_index=12]
- Ross: I think it's insane. [line_index=13]
- Chandler: She'll love it. Go with the egg, my friend. [line_index=14]

## Scene s01e14_sc02 | Central Perk
Description: Ross walks over to the woman, egg in hand.

- Joey: Think it'll work? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: No, it's suicide. The man's got an egg. [line_index=1]

## Scene s01e14_sc03 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Monica, Rachel, Phoebe, Joey, Chandler are there. Ross is still talking to the beautiful woman.

- Monica: You can not do this. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Do what, do what? [line_index=1]
- Monica: Roger wants to take her out tomorrow night. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: No! Phoebes! Don't you remember why you dumped the guy? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: 'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date on Valentine's Day! [line_index=4]
- Monica: But Phoebe, you can go out with a creepy guy any night of the year. I know I do. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Well, what are you guys doing tomorrow night? [line_index=6]
- Joey: Actually, tomorrow night kinda depends on how tonight goes. [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Oh, uh, listen, about tonight... [line_index=8]
- Joey: No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a... [line_index=10]
- Joey: Pathetic mess? I know, but—come on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching! Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this. [line_index=11; stage=Rachel throws a roll at Joey. He picks it up and eats it.]
- Ross: Hi. She said yes. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: Yes! Way to go, man! Still got the egg, huh? [line_index=13; stage=Chandler and Ross hug. Something crunches in Ross' shirt pocket.]

## Scene s01e14_sc04 | A Restaurant
Description: A Restaurant, Joey and Chandler are there, waiting for their dates to show up.

- Joey: How do I look? [line_index=0; stage=Looking at himself in the reflection on a knife]
- Chandler: Oh, uh, I... don't... care. Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess. [line_index=1; stage=Joey's date shows up]
- Lorraine: Hi, Joey. Well well, look what you brought. Very nice. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: ...And what did you bring? [line_index=3]
- Lorraine: She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Janice? [line_index=5]

## Scene s01e14_sc05 | A Restaurant
Description: Lorraine leaves. Joey shakes his head as though to say, 'It can't be the same Janice.' Janice enters.

- Janice: Oh.... my.... God. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Hey, it's Janice. [line_index=1; stage=angrily]

## Scene s01e14_sc06 | The bathroom at the restaurant
Description: The bathroom at the restaurant, Chandler and Joey are talking.

- Chandler: Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window. [line_index=0]
- Joey: No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months! [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e14_sc07 | The bathroom at the restaurant
Description: The bathroom at the restaurant

- Chandler: I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right. Come on, do it, do it, go, come on!!! [line_index=0; stage=gets up right behind Joey and yells in his ear]

## Scene s01e14_sc08 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, the girls are all there, discussing their bad luck with men.

- Rachel: Ok, ok, Roger was creepy, but he was nothing compared to Pete Carney. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Which one was Pete Carney? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex. "Was it good for you?" [line_index=2; stage=imitating]
- Monica: Yeah, well, I'll take a little crying any day over Howard-the-"I-win"-guy. "I win! I win!" I went out with the guy for two months—I didn't get to win once. [line_index=3; stage=imitating]
- Rachel: How did we end up with these jerks? We're good people! [line_index=4]
- Monica: I don't know. Maybe we're some kinda magnets. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: I know I am. That's why I can't wear a digital watch. [line_index=6]
- Monica: There's more beer, right? [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfriend cycle, you can do like a cleansing ritual. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Pheebes, this woman is voluntarily bald. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Yeah. So, we can do it tomorrow night, you guys. It's Valentine's Day. It's perfect. [line_index=10]
- Monica: Ok, well, what kind of ritual? [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Ok. We can, um, we can burn the stuff they gave us. [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Or? [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: Or...or we can chant and dance around naked, you know, with sticks. [line_index=14]
- Monica: Burning's good. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Burning's good. Yeah, I got stuff to burn. [line_index=16]

## Scene s01e14_sc09 | The Restaurant
Description: The Restaurant, Joey, Lorraine, Chandler, and Janice are at the table. Joey and Lorraine are seated very close, Chandler and Janice have backed their chairs away from one another.

- Lorraine: You know, ever since I was little, I've been able to pick up quarters with my toes. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Good for you. Uh, quarters or rolls of quarters? [line_index=1; stage=jumps suddenly]
- Janice: By the way, Chandler. I cut you out of all my pictures. So if you want, I have a bag with just your heads. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: That's OK. [line_index=3]
- Janice: Oh, are you sure? Really? Because you know, you could make little puppets out of them, and you could use them in your theater of cruelty. [line_index=4]

## Scene s01e14_sc10 | The Restaurant
Description: Lorraine whispers into Joey's ear.

- Joey: We can't do that. [line_index=0; stage=to Lorraine]
- Chandler: What? What can't you do? [line_index=1; stage=disgusted]
- Joey: Uh, can I talk to you for a second, over there? [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e14_sc11 | The Restaurant
Description: Chandler and Joey leave the table.

- Joey: Uh, we might be leaving now. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Tell me it's "you and me" we. [line_index=1]
- Joey: She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. I'm not even sure what slathering is, but I definitely want to be a part of it. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Ok, you can not do this to me. [line_index=3]
- Joey: You're right, I'm sorry. You're right. [line_index=4]
- Lorraine: Uh, can we have three chocolate mousses to go please? [line_index=5; stage=to waiter]
- Joey: I'm outta here. Here's my credit card. Dinner's on me. I'm sorry, Chandler. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: I hope she throws up on you. [line_index=7]

## Scene s01e14_sc12 | The Restaurant
Description: Joey leaves with Lorraine. Chandler sits back down with Janice.

- Chandler: So... [line_index=0]
- Janice: Just us. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Oh, what a crappy night! [line_index=2]
- Janice: Although, I have enjoyed the fact that, uh your shirt's been stickin' outta your zipper ever since you came back from the bathroom. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Excuse me. How ya doin'? [line_index=4; stage=gets up, jumps up and down while he zips his zipper up... other patrons look at him]
- Janice: So, do we have the best friends or what? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A big screen TV? [line_index=6]
- Janice: I will go for that drink. [line_index=7]
- Chandler: You got it. Good woman! Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne? [line_index=8; stage=the waiter turns around, it's a man]
- Janice: Each. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: That's right, each. Oh, and a uh Rob Roy. I've always wanted to know... [line_index=10; stage=to Janice]

## Scene s01e14_sc13 | Chandler's bedroom
Description: Chandler's bedroom, Chandler wakes up, and finds someone else's hand on his chest. He rolls over and is shocked to see Janice there.

- Janice: Happy Valentine's Day! [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e14_sc14 | The Hallway
Description: The Hallway, Chandler is trying to get Janice out of his apartment.

- Janice: Oh, I miss you already. Can you believe this happened? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: No... no! And yet it did. Good-bye, Janice. [line_index=1]
- Janice: Kiss me! [line_index=2]
- Monica: Oh, Chandler, sorry. [line_index=3]

## Scene s01e14_sc15 | The Hallway
Description: Janice turns around, Monica sees who it is.

- Monica: Ohhh, Chandler, sorry! Hey, Janice. [line_index=0]
- Janice: Hi, Monica. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Ok, well, this was very special. [line_index=2]
- Monica: Rach, come see who's out here! [line_index=3]

## Scene s01e14_sc16 | Rachel comes out
Description: Rachel comes out.

- Rachel: Oh my god. Janice, hi! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Janice is gonna go away now. [line_index=1]
- Monica: I'll be right back. [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e14_sc17 | Rachel comes out
Description: Joey enters from the stairs.

- Rachel: Oh, Joey, look who it is. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Whoa. [line_index=1; stage=in disbelief]
- Chandler: Oh, good, Joey's home now. [line_index=2]
- Janice: This is so fun. This is like a reunion in the hall. [line_index=3]

## Scene s01e14_sc18 | Rachel comes out
Description: Monica comes out with her cordless phone.

- Monica: Oh, hi, Ross. Yeah. There's someone I want you to say hi to. He just happened to call. [line_index=0; stage=to Chandler]
- Janice: Hi, Ross. Yes, it's me. How did you know? [line_index=1; stage=she laughs obnoxiously]

## Scene s01e14_sc19 | A Chinese Restaurant
Description: A Chinese Restaurant, Ross is there with his date.

- Ross: I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one human year thing, then, when a dog flies from New York to Los Angeles, he doesn't just lose three hours, he loses like a week and a half. [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e14_sc20 | A Chinese Restaurant
Description: Ross starts to laugh, and then makes a face like 'Why did I just say that?' Ross' ex-wife, Carol, and her lesbian lover, Susan, enter the restaurant. Ross stares at them.

- Kristin: That's funny. Who are they? [line_index=0]
- Ross: The blond woman is my ex-wife, and the woman touching her is her... close, personal friend. [line_index=1]
- Kristin: You mean they're lovers. [line_index=2]
- Ross: If you wanna put a label on it. [line_index=3]
- Kristin: Wow, uh, anything else I should know? [line_index=4]
- Ross: Nope, nope, that's it. [line_index=5]

## Scene s01e14_sc21 | A Chinese Restaurant
Description: Carol takes off her jacket, her pregnant belly is exposed.

- Ross: Oh, and she's pregnant with my baby. I always forget that part. Helloo! [line_index=0; stage=to Carol and Susan]

## Scene s01e14_sc22 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, the girls are holding their boyfriend bonfire.

- Phoebe: Ok, so now we need, um sage branches and the sacramental wine. [line_index=0]
- Monica: All I have is, is oregano and a Fresca . [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Um, that's ok! Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man. [line_index=2; stage=throws it in fire]
- Rachel: Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Can we just start throwing things in? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Ok, yeah, ok. Oh, OK. [line_index=5; stage=she throws the directions in]
- Rachel: Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's boxer shorts. [line_index=6; stage=tossing things in the fire]
- Phoebe: Ok, and I have the, uh receipt for my dinner with Nokululu Oon Ah Ah. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Look, here's a picture of Scotty Jared naked. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Hey he's wearing a sweater. [line_index=9; stage=looking at picture]
- Monica: No. [line_index=10]
- Rachel and Phoebe: Eww! [line_index=11]
- Rachel: And here we have the last of Paulo's grappa. [line_index=12]
- Monica: Hey, Rachel, isn't that stuff almost pure... [line_index=13]

## Scene s01e14_sc23 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Rachel throws the alcohol in the fire. A burst of flames shoots up from it.


## Scene s01e14_sc24 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Chandler and Joey are there. Chandler is preparing to dump Janice again.

- Chandler: How can I dump this woman on Valentine's day? [line_index=0]
- Joey: I don't know. You dumped her on New Year's. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush. [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e14_sc25 | Janice enters
Description: Janice enters.

- Janice: Hello, funny Valentine. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Hi, Just Janice. [line_index=1]
- Janice: Hello, Joey, our little matchmaker. I could just kiss you all over, and I'm gonna! [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e14_sc26 | Janice enters
Description: Janice kisses Joey all over. Chandler smiles.

- Joey: If you don't do it, I will. [line_index=0; stage=to Chandler]

## Scene s01e14_sc27 | The Chinese Restaurant
Description: The Chinese Restaurant.

- Ross: So, um, what do you do for a living? [line_index=0]
- Kristin: Well, um, for the past few years I've been working.....which is funny because, that wasn't even my major. [line_index=1; stage=Ross is watching Carol and Susan, not listening to Kristin. Susan gets up, and has to go. Carol is left stranded]
- Carol: Oh no. I thought you said they could shoot the spot without you. [line_index=2]
- Susan: I thought they could...I'll try to get back as soon as I can. I'm sorry. [line_index=3]

## Scene s01e14_sc28 | The Chinese Restaurant
Description: Ross realizes Kristin was expecting him to laugh, so he starts to laugh hysterically.

- Ross: Now that is funny. Hey, do you think...would it be too weird if I invited Carol over to join us? 'Cause she's, she's alone now, and pregnant, and, and sad. [line_index=0]
- Kristin: I guess. [line_index=1; stage=reluctantly]
- Ross: Are you sure? Great. Carol? Wanna come over and join us? [line_index=2]
- Carol: Oh, no no no. I'm fine. I'm fine. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. Come on. Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick. Carol, Kristin. Uh, Carol teaches sixth grade. And, Kristin, Kristin......does something that, funnily enough, wasn't even her major! [line_index=4; stage=struggling]

## Scene s01e14_sc29 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, firemen are there to handle the bonfire that got out of control.

- Fireman No. 1: What do we got there? [line_index=0]
- A piece of something: boxer shorts, greeting cards, and what looks like a half-charred picture—Wow, that guy's hairier than the Chief! [line_index=1]
- Monica: You know, it's a really funny story how this happened. [line_index=2]
- Fireman No. 3: It's all right. It's all right. You don't have to explain. This isn't the first boyfriend bonfire that we've seen get out of control. [line_index=3]
- Fireman No. 1: You're our third call tonight. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Really? [line_index=5]
- Fireman No. 2: Oh, sure, Valentine's is our busiest night of the year. [line_index=6]

## Scene s01e14_sc30 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk.

- Janice: I brought you something. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts. Chan and Jan Forever. [line_index=1; stage=reading the candy]
- Janice: I had them made special. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out. [line_index=3]
- Janice: That's fine. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: It is? [line_index=5; stage=surprised]
- Janice: Mmm-hmm. Because I know that this isn't the end. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Oh no, you see, actually it is. [line_index=7]
- Janice: No, it isn't, because you won't let that happen. Don't you know it yet? You love me, Chandler Bing. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Oh, no I don't. [line_index=9]
- Janice: Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed? [line_index=10]
- Chandler: I did, but... [line_index=11]
- Janice: You seek me out. Something deep in your soul calls out to me like a foghorn. Janice, Janice. You want me. You need me. You can't live without me. And you know it. You just don't know you know it. See ya. [line_index=12]

## Scene s01e14_sc31 | Central Perk
Description: She kisses him passionately,then leaves.

- Chandler: Call me! [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e14_sc32 | The Chinese Restaurant
Description: The Chinese Restaurant, Ross and Carol are talking. Kristin is not there.

- Carol: It's not true. I never called your mother a wolverine. [line_index=0]
- Ross: You did so. I swear, I swear— How long has she been in the bathroom? [line_index=1; stage=noticing Kristin's absence]
- Carol: Uh, I don't think she's in the bathroom. Her coat is gone. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Well maybe it's cold in there. Or maybe I screwed up the first date I had in 9 years. [line_index=3]
- Carol: That could be it. [line_index=4]
- Ross: Oh, god. You know, this is still pretty hot. [line_index=5; stage=He puts his head down on the grill He picks his head up, and a mushroom sticks to his head. Carol picks it off and eats it.]
- Carol: Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that's not funny [line_index=6]
- Ross: No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you. [line_index=7]

## Scene s01e14_sc33 | They kiss
Description: They kiss.

- Carol: Oh, I love you too. But... [line_index=0]
- Ross: No but, no but. [line_index=1]
- Carol: You know that thing you put over here with the pin in it? It's time to take the pin out. You'll find someone, I know you will. The right woman is just waiting for you. [line_index=2]
- Ross: That's easy for you to say, you found one already. [line_index=3]
- Carol: All you need is a woman who likes men and you'll be set. [line_index=4]

## Scene s01e14_sc34 | They kiss
Description: A beautiful woman walks by Ross, he stares at her.

- Carol: Not her. [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e14_sc35 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, The girls are talking with the firemen.

- Fireman No. 3: We get off around midnight, why don't we pick you up then? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: So, um, will you bring the truck? [line_index=1]
- Fireman No. 3: I'll even let you ring the bell. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh, my god. [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: See, there you go, the cleansing works! [line_index=4]
- Monica: They're nice guys. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Oh, they're firemen guys. [line_index=6]

## Scene s01e14_sc36 | Out in the hall
Description: Out in the hall, the firemen are talking.

- Fireman No. 1: You guys tell them you were married? [line_index=0]
- Fireman No. 2: No way! [line_index=1]
- Fireman No. 3: Are you kidding? My girlfriend doesn't know, I'm not gonna tell them! [line_index=2]
