---
episode_id: s01e08
title: The One Where Nana Dies Twice
season: 1
episode: 8
---

# S01E08 The One Where Nana Dies Twice

## Scene s01e08_sc01 | Chandler's Office
Description: Chandler's Office, Chandler is on a coffee break. Shelley enters.

- Shelley: Hey gorgeous, how's it going? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this? [line_index=1]
- Shelley: Question. You're not dating anybody, are you, because I met somebody who would be perfect for you. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'... [line_index=3]
- Shelley: Do you want a date Saturday? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Yes please. [line_index=5]
- Shelley: Okay. He's cute, he's funny, he's- [line_index=6]
- Chandler: He's a he? [line_index=7]
- Shelley: Well yeah! ...Oh God. I- just- I thought- Good, Shelley. I'm just gonna go flush myself down the toilet now... Okay, goodbye... [line_index=8; stage=backs out of the room]

## Scene s01e08_sc02 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there.

- Chandler: ...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Um... yeah. Well, I mean, when I first met you, y'know, I thought maybe, possibly, you might be... [line_index=1]
- Chandler: You did? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Yeah, but then you spent Phoebe's entire birthday party talking to my breasts, so then I figured maybe not. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me? [line_index=4]
- Monica: I did. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I think so, yeah. [line_index=6]
- Joey: Not me. [line_index=7]
- Ross: Nono, me neither. Although, uh, y'know, back in college, Susan Sallidor did. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't? [line_index=9]
- Ross: No. No, it's just 'cause, uh, I kinda wanted to go out with her too, so I told her, actually, you were seeing Bernie Spellman... who also liked her, so... [line_index=10]

## Scene s01e08_sc03 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Joey congratulates Ross, sees Chandler's look and abruptly stops.

- Chandler: Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: I dunno, 'cause you're smart, you're funny... [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Ross is smart and funny, d'you ever think that about him? [line_index=2]
- All: Yeah! Right! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: WHAT IS IT?! [line_index=4]
- Monica: Okay, I-I d'know, you-you just- you have a quality. [line_index=5]
- All: Yes. Absolutely. A quality. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this. [line_index=7]

## Scene s01e08_sc04 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Phone rings; Monica gets it

- Monica: Hello? Hello? Oh! Rachel, it's Paolo calling from Rome. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Oh my God! Calling from Rome! Bon giorno, caro mio. [line_index=1; stage=Takes phone]
- Ross: So he's calling from Rome. I could do that. Just gotta go to Rome. [line_index=2; stage=to Joey]
- Rachel: Monica, your dad just beeped in, but can you make it quick? Talking to Rome. I'm talking to Rome. [line_index=3; stage=Showing off to Phoebe and Chandler]
- Monica: Hey dad, what's up? Oh God. Ross, it's Nana. [line_index=4; stage=Listens]

## Scene s01e08_sc05 | The Hospital
Description: The Hospital, Mr. and Mrs. Geller are there, along with Aunt Lillian. Ross and Monica enter and everyone says hi and kisses.

- Ross: So, uh, how's she doing? [line_index=0]
- Aunt Lillian: The doctor says it's a matter of hours. [line_index=1]
- Monica: How-how are you, Mom? [line_index=2]
- Mrs. Geller: Me? I'm fine, fine. I'm glad you're here. ...What's with your hair? [line_index=3]
- Monica: What? [line_index=4]
- Mrs. Geller: What's different? [line_index=5]
- Monica: Nothing. [line_index=6]
- Mrs. Geller: Oh, maybe that's it. [line_index=7]

## Scene s01e08_sc06 | The Hospital
Description: Monica strides over to Ross, who is making coffee, and talks to him aside.

- Monica: She is unbelievable, our mother is... [line_index=0]
- Ross: Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Oh God! [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e08_sc07 | They hug
Description: They hug.

- Monica: The fuzzy little mints at the bottom of her purse. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Oh! ...Yeah, they were gross. Oh, you know what I loved? Her Sweet 'n' Los. How she was always stealing them from- from restaurants. [line_index=1]
- Mr. Geller: Not just restaurants, from our house. [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e08_sc08 | They hug
Description: The nurse comes out of Nana's room.

- Nurse: Mrs. Geller? [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e08_sc09 | They hug
Description: Everyone stands up. Cut to Ross and Monica in Nana's room.

- Ross: She looks so small. [line_index=0]
- Monica: I know. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Well, at least she's with Pop-Pop and Aunt Phyllis now. [line_index=2]
- Monica: G'bye, Nana. [line_index=3; stage=She kisses her on the forehead.]
- Ross: Bye, Nana. [line_index=4]

## Scene s01e08_sc10 | They hug
Description: He goes to kiss her but she moves. Monica screams. Ross shouts and stares in disbelief. Monica runs out of the room.

- Monica: Ross! [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e08_sc11 | Ross runs out too
Description: Ross runs out too.

- Mrs. Geller: What is going on?! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Y'know how-how the nurse said that-that Nana had passed? Well, she's not, quite.. [line_index=1]
- Mrs. Geller: What? [line_index=2]
- Ross: She's not- past, she's present, she's back. [line_index=3]
- Aunt Lillian: What's going on? [line_index=4; stage=reentering]
- Mr. Geller: She may have died. [line_index=5]
- Aunt Lillian: She may have died? [line_index=6]
- Mr. Geller: We're looking into it. [line_index=7]

## Scene s01e08_sc12 | Ross runs out too
Description: Monica returns with the nurse and they go into Nana's room.

- Ross: I, uh, I'll go see. [line_index=0; stage=He goes in]
- Nurse: This almost never happens! [line_index=1]

## Scene s01e08_sc13 | Ross runs out too
Description: Nana passes for the second time and the nurse pulls the blanket over her. Ross and Monica go to tell the family

- Ross: Now she's passed. [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e08_sc14 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Chandler, Phoebe, Joey, and Rachel are there.

- Chandler: I just have to know, okay. Is it my hair? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Yes, Chandler, that's exactly what it is. It's your hair. [line_index=1; stage=exasperated]
- Phoebe: Yeah, you have homosexual hair. [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e08_sc15 | Monica and Ross enter
Description: Monica and Ross enter.

- Rachel: So, um, did she... [line_index=0]
- Ross: Twice. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Twice? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Oh, that sucks! [line_index=3]
- Joey: You guys okay? [line_index=4]
- Ross: I dunno, it's weird. I mean, I know she's gone, but I just don't feel, uh... [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Maybe that's 'cause she's not really gone. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Nono, she's gone. [line_index=7]
- Monica: We checked. A lot. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her. [line_index=9; emotions=anxiety; stage=She circles her hand around her right shoulder. Chandler, sitting on her right, draws back nervously]
- Rachel: Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this? [line_index=10; stage=Gives her a pencil]
- Phoebe: Thanks! [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Sure. I just sharpened her this morning. [line_index=12]
- Joey: Now, see, I don't believe any of that. I think once you're dead, you're dead! You're gone! You're worm food! ...So Chandler looks gay, huh? [line_index=13; stage=realises his tactlessness]
- Phoebe: Y'know, I dunno who this is, but it's not Debbie. [line_index=14; stage=Hands back the pencil]

## Scene s01e08_sc16 | Nana's house
Description: Nana's house, Ross, Mrs. Geller and Aunt Lillian are going through clothes.

- Ross: I thought it was gonna be a closed casket. [line_index=0]
- Mrs. Geller: Well, that doesn't mean she can't look nice! [line_index=1]

## Scene s01e08_sc17 | Nana's house
Description: They open a cupboard which, amongst other things, contains a chest of drawers

- Mrs. Geller: Sweetie, you think you can get in there? [line_index=0]
- Ross: I don't see why not. [line_index=1; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastic]

## Scene s01e08_sc18 | Nana's house
Description: He tries pushing against the chest of drawers. Then he opens one of the drawers and climbs into the closet using that; he falls behind the chest of drawers with a shout.

- Ross: Here's my retainer! [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e08_sc19 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is talking to her father.

- Mr. Geller: I was just thinking. When my time comes- [line_index=0]
- Monica: Dad! [line_index=1]
- Mr. Geller: Listen to me! When my time comes, I wanna be buried at sea. [line_index=2]
- Monica: You what? [line_index=3]
- Mr. Geller: I wanna be buried at sea, it looks like fun. [line_index=4]
- Monica: Define fun. [line_index=5]
- Mr. Geller: C'mon, you'll make a day of it! You'll rent a boat, pack a lunch... [line_index=6]
- Monica: ...And then we throw your body in the water... Gee, that does sound fun. [line_index=7]
- Mr. Geller: Everyone thinks they know me. Everyone says 'Jack Geller, so predictable'. Maybe after I'm gone, they'll say 'Buried at sea! Huh!'. [line_index=8]
- Monica: That's probably what they'll say. [line_index=9]
- Mr. Geller: I'd like that. [line_index=10]

## Scene s01e08_sc20 | Chandler's Office
Description: Chandler's Office, Shelley is drinking coffee; Chandler enters.

- Chandler: Hey, gorgeous. [line_index=0]
- Shelley: Hey. Look, I'm sorry about yesterday, I, um- [line_index=1; stage=sheepish]
- Chandler: No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake. [line_index=2]
- Shelley: Oh! Okay! Phew! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: So, uh... what do you think it is about me? [line_index=4]
- Shelley: I dunno, uh... you just have a-a... [line_index=5]
- Chandler: ...Quality, right, great. [line_index=6]
- Shelley: Y'know, it's a shame, because you and Lowell would've made a great couple. [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Lowell? Financial Services' Lowell, that's who you saw me with? [line_index=8]
- Shelley: What? He's cute! [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Well, yeah... 's'no Brian in Payroll. [line_index=10]
- Shelley: Is Brian...? [line_index=11]
- Chandler: No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him. [line_index=12]
- Shelley: Well, I think Brian's a little out of your league. [line_index=13]
- Chandler: Excuse me? You don't think I could get a Brian? Because I could get a Brian. Believe you me. ...I'm really not. [line_index=14]

## Scene s01e08_sc21 | Nana's Bedroom
Description: Nana's Bedroom, Ross is holding a dress out from inside the closet.

- Ross: This one? [line_index=0; stage=holding a dress out from inside the closet]
- Aunt Lillian: No. [line_index=1]
- Ross: I have shown you everything we have. Unless you want your mother to spend eternity in a lemon yellow pant-suit, go with the burgundy. [line_index=2]
- Aunt Lillian: You know, whatever we pick, she would've told us it's the wrong one. [line_index=3]
- Mrs. Geller: You're right. We'll go with the burgundy. [line_index=4]
- Ross: Oh! A fine choice. I'm coming out. [line_index=5; stage=Starts to climb over the furniture]
- Aunt Lillian: Wait! We need shoes! [line_index=6]

## Scene s01e08_sc22 | Ross falls back inside
Description: Ross falls back inside

- Ross: Okay. Um, how about these? [line_index=0; stage=Holds out a pair]
- Mrs. Geller: That's really a day shoe. [line_index=1]
- Ross: And where she's going everyone else'll be dressier? [line_index=2]
- Aunt Lillian: Could we see something in a slimmer heel? [line_index=3]
- Ross: Okay, I have nothing in an evening shoe in the burgundy. I can show you something in a silver that may work. [line_index=4; stage=forages around]
- Aunt Lillian: No, it really should be burgundy. [line_index=5]
- Mrs. Geller: Mm. Unless we go with a different dress? [line_index=6]
- Ross: No! Nonono, wait a sec. I may have something in the back. [line_index=7]
- Ross: Oh my God.. [line_index=8]
- Mrs. Geller: Is everything all right, dear? [line_index=9]
- Ross: Yeah, just... just Nana stuff. [line_index=10]

## Scene s01e08_sc23 | Ross falls back inside
Description: He reaches up higher and knocks down another shoebox lid. Sweet 'n' Lo 's rain down on him


## Scene s01e08_sc24 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are preparing to leave for the funeral.

- Ross: How we doing, you guys ready? [line_index=0; stage=entering]
- Monica: Mom already called this morning to remind me not to wear my hair up. Did you know my ears are not my best feature? [line_index=1]
- Ross: Some days it's all I can think about. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Hi, sorry I'm late, I couldn't find my bearings. [line_index=3; stage=entering]
- Rachel: Oh, you-you mean your earrings? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: What'd I say? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Hm-m. [line_index=6; stage=sticking her foot out]
- Monica: Are these the shoes? [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Yes. Paolo sent them from Italy. [line_index=8]
- Ross: What, we-uh- we don't have shoes here, or...? [line_index=9]
- Joey: Morning. We ready to go? [line_index=10; stage=entering with Chandler]
- Chandler: Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that, isn't it? [line_index=11]

## Scene s01e08_sc25 | They all leave
Description: They all leave.


## Scene s01e08_sc26 | The cemetary
Description: The cemetary, after the funeral.

- Monica: It was a really beautiful service. [line_index=0]
- Mrs. Geller: It really was. Oh, c'mere, sweetheart. Y'know, I think it might be time for you to start using night cream. [line_index=1; stage=Hugs her]

## Scene s01e08_sc27 | The cemetary
Description: Joey listens to his overcoat for a second and sighs, then notices Chandler watching

- Joey: What? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Check it out, Giants-Cowboys. [line_index=2; stage=He has a pocket TV]
- Chandler: You're watching a football game at a funeral? [line_index=3]
- Joey: No, it's the pre-game. I'm gonna watch it at the reception. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: You are a frightening, frightening man. [line_index=5]

## Scene s01e08_sc28 | The cemetary
Description: Rachel steps in a patch of mud

- Rachel: Oh no! My new Paolo shoes! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Oh, I hope they're not ruined. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: God, what a great day. ...What? Weather-wise! [line_index=2]
- Ross: I know, uh, the air, the-the trees... even though Nana's gone there's, there's something almost, uh- I dunno, almost life-aff- [line_index=3; stage=Not looking where he is going he falls into an open grave]
- All: God! Ross! [line_index=4]
- Ross: I'm fine. Just-just... having my worst fear realised... [line_index=5]

## Scene s01e08_sc29 | The Wake
Description: The Wake, at the Gellers' house. Ross is lying on his back, with Phoebe squatting over him, checking to see if he's injured.

- Phoebe: Okay, don't worry, I'm just checking to see if the muscle's in spasm...huh. [line_index=0]
- Ross: What, what is it? [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: You missed a belt loop. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Oh! No-n- [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Okay, it's in spasm. [line_index=4]
- Mrs. Geller: Here, sweetie, here. I took these when I had my golfing accident. [line_index=5]

## Scene s01e08_sc30 | The Wake
Description: Hands Ross a bottle of pills. Then turns to Monica and pats her hair over her ears


## Scene s01e08_sc31 | The Wake
Description: Cut to Chandler and a woman, Andrea, reaching for the same slice of meat

- Chandler: Oh, no- [line_index=0]
- Andrea: Sorry- Hi, I'm Dorothy's daughter. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Hi, I'm Chandler, and I have no idea who Dorothy is. [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e08_sc32 | The Wake
Description: They shake hands. Cut to Ross emerging from a hallway, grinning inanely. He is obviously very stoned

- Phoebe: Hey, look who's up! How do you feel? [line_index=0]
- Ross: I feel great. I feel- great, I fleel great. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Wow, those pills really worked, huh? [line_index=2]
- Ross: Not the first two, but the second two- woooo! ...I love you guys. You guys are the greatest. I love my sister , I love Pheebs... [line_index=3; stage=Kisses Monica Hugs her]
- Phoebe: Ooh! That's so nice... [line_index=4]
- Ross: ...Chandler! [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Hey. [line_index=6]
- Ross: And listen, man, if you wanna be gay, be gay. Doesn't matter to me. [line_index=7; stage=hugs him]
- Andrea: You were right. [line_index=8; stage=turns to a friend They walk off and leave Chandler.]
- Ross: Rachel. Rachel Rachel. I love you the most. [line_index=9; stage=Sits down beside her]
- Rachel: Oh, well you know who I love the most? [line_index=10; stage=humouring him]
- Ross: No. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: You! [line_index=12]
- Ross: Oh.. you don't get it! [line_index=13; stage=Passes out and slumps across her]

## Scene s01e08_sc33 | The Wake
Description: Cut to Joey watching TV in the corner. He makes an extravagant gesture of disappointment.

- Mr. Geller: Whaddya got there? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Just a, uh... hearing disability. [line_index=1; stage=hides the TV, but he still has an earphone]
- Mr. Geller: What's the score? [line_index=2]
- Joey: Seventeen-fourteen Giants... three minutes to go in the third. [line_index=3]
- Mr. Geller: Beautiful! [line_index=4; stage=Turns to watch with him]

## Scene s01e08_sc34 | The Wake
Description: Time lapse. A large crowd of men are now watching the game

- Rachel: Pheebs, could you maybe hand me a cracker? [line_index=0; stage=still trapped under Ross]
- Mrs. Geller: Your grandmother would have hated this. [line_index=1; stage=to Monica]
- Monica: Well, sure, what with it being her funeral and all. [line_index=2]
- Mrs. Geller: No, I'd be hearing about 'Why didn't I get the honey-glazed ham?', I didn't spend enough on flowers, and if I spent more she'd be saying 'Why are you wasting your money? I don't need flowers, I'm dead'. [line_index=3]
- Monica: That sounds like Nana. [line_index=4]
- Mrs. Geller: Do you know what it's like to grow up with someone who is critical of every single thing you say? [line_index=5]
- Monica: ...I can imagine. [line_index=6]
- Mrs. Geller: I'm telling you, it's a wonder your mother turned out to be the positive, life-affirming person that she is. [line_index=7]
- Monica: That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her? [line_index=8]
- Mrs. Geller: Tell her what? [line_index=9]
- Monica: How she drove you crazy, picking on every little detail, like your hair... for example. [line_index=10]
- Mrs. Geller: I'm not sure I know what you're getting at. [line_index=11]
- Monica: Do you think things would have been better if you'd just told her the truth? [line_index=12]
- Mrs. Geller: ...No. I think some things are better left unsaid. I think it's nicer when people just get along. [line_index=13]
- Monica: Huh. [line_index=14]
- Mrs. Geller: More wine, dear? [line_index=15]
- Monica: Oh, I think so. [line_index=16]
- Monica: Thank you. They're yours. [line_index=17]
- Mrs. Geller: Actually they were Nana's. [line_index=18]

## Scene s01e08_sc35 | The Wake
Description: There is a cry of disappointment from the crowd of men.

- Mr. Geller: Now I'm depressed! ... Even more than I was. [line_index=0; stage=To everyone]

## Scene s01e08_sc36 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, the gang are looking at old photos.

- Rachel: Hey, who's this little naked guy? [line_index=0]
- Ross: That little naked guy would be me. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Aww, look at the little thing. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Who are those people? [line_index=4]
- Ross: Got me. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. 'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'. [line_index=6; stage=Reads the back]
- Rachel: Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there? [line_index=7]
- Monica: Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25? [line_index=8]
- Ross: Looks like a fun gang. [line_index=9; stage=They all look at each other and smile]
- Joey: Ooh, look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked! [line_index=10]
- Ross: Nono, that would be me again. I'm, uh, just trying something. [line_index=11; stage=looking]

## Scene s01e08_sc37 | Chandler's Office
Description: Chandler's Office, Chandler is on a coffee break as Lowell enters.

- Chandler: Hey, Lowell. [line_index=0]
- Lowell: Hey, Chandler. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: So how's it going there in Financial Services? [line_index=2]
- Lowell: It's like Mardi Gras without the paper mache heads. How 'bout you? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not. [line_index=4]
- Lowell: I know. That's what I told her. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Really. [line_index=6]
- Lowell: Yeah. [line_index=7]
- Chandler: So- you can tell? [line_index=8]
- Lowell: Pretty much, most of the time. We have a kind of... radar. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: So you don't think I have a, a quality? [line_index=10]
- Lowell: Speaking for my people, I'd have to say no. By the way, your friend Brian from Payroll, he is. [line_index=11]
- Chandler: He is ? [line_index=12]
- Lowell: Yup, and waaay out of your league. [line_index=13; stage=Exits]
- Chandler: Out of my league. I could get a Brian. If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. Hey, Brian. [line_index=14; stage=Brian enters behind him Sees him]
