---
episode_id: s01e21
title: The One With The Fake Monica
season: 1
episode: 21
---

# S01E21 The One With The Fake Monica

## Scene s01e21_sc01 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is looking at papers.

- Joey: How could someone get a hold of your credit card number? [line_index=0]
- Monica: I have no idea. But look how much they spent! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Monica, would you calm down? The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought. [line_index=2]
- Monica: I know. It's just such reckless spending. [line_index=3]
- Ross: I think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop. [line_index=5]
- Monica: That's me. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Oh! The yuk! Ross, he's doing it again! [line_index=7; stage=Points to a lamp which is shaking behind the sofa]
- Ross: Marcel, stop humping the lamp! Stop humping! Now Marcel, come back- come here, Marcel- [line_index=8; stage=Marcel runs toward Rachel's room]
- Rachel: Oh no, not in my room! I'll get him. [line_index=9]
- Monica: Ross, you've got to do something about the humping. [line_index=10]
- Ross: What? It's, it's just a phase. [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Well, that's what we said about Joey... [line_index=12]
- Ross: Would you all relax? It's not that big a deal. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Stop it! Marcel! Bad monkey! [line_index=14; stage=Out of shot]
- Ross: What? [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Let's just say my Curious George doll is no longer curious. [line_index=16]

## Scene s01e21_sc02 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, late at night Monica is still examining her bill as Rachel emerges from her room.

- Rachel: Oh, Monica. You are not still going over that thing. [line_index=0]
- Monica: This woman's living my life. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=2]
- Monica: She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: You're not an artist. [line_index=4]
- Monica: Yeah, well I might be if I had the supplies! I mean, I could do all this stuff. Only I don't. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Oh, Monica, c'mon, you do cool things. [line_index=6]
- Monica: Oh really? Okay, let's compare, shall we. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Oh, it's so late for 'Shall we'... [line_index=8; stage=Yawning]
- Monica: Do I go horseback riding in the park? Do I take classes at the New School? [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Nooo... [line_index=10; stage=Yawning]
- Monica: This is so unfair! She's got everything I want, and she doesn't have my mother. [line_index=11]

## Scene s01e21_sc03 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Joey and Chandler are discussing stage names.

- Chandler: How about Joey... Pepponi? [line_index=0]
- Joey: No, still too ethnic. My agent thinks I should have a name that's more neutral. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Joey... Switzerland? [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e21_sc04 | Central Perk
Description: The waitress brings their coffee.

- Joey: Plus, y'know, I think it should be Joe. Y'know, Joey makes me sound like I'm, I dunno, this big. Which I'm not. [line_index=0; stage=Waitress looks at him funny]
- Chandler: Joe...Joe...Joe...Stalin? [line_index=1]
- Joey: Stalin...Stalin...do I know that name? It sounds familiar. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Well, it does not ring a bell with me... [line_index=3]
- Joey: Joe Stalin. Y'know, that's pretty good. [line_index=4; stage=Writes it down]
- Chandler: Might wanna try Joseph. [line_index=5]

## Scene s01e21_sc05 | Central Perk
Description: Joey visibly thinks 'Of course!' and writes it down.

- Joey: Joseph Stalin. I think you'd remember that! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof. [line_index=1]

## Scene s01e21_sc06 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is there as Phoebe and Rachel enter.

- Rachel: Hey. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Hey. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Hi. Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wondering what they were. [line_index=2; stage=On the phone]
- Phoebe: What are you doing? [line_index=3]
- Monica: Alright, great. Thanks a lot. I'm going to tap class. [line_index=4; stage=Hushes her Hangs up]
- Rachel: What, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card? [line_index=5]
- Monica: This woman's got my life, I should get to see who she is. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here! I mean, this is really becoming like a weird obsession thing. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: This is madness. It's madness, I tell you, for the love of God, Monica, don't do it !! ...Thank you. [line_index=8]

## Scene s01e21_sc07 | A Tap Class
Description: A Tap Class, the girls are standing at the door.

- Monica: What d'you think? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Lotsa things. [line_index=1]

## Scene s01e21_sc08 | A Tap Class
Description: They go in and sit down.

- Rachel: Which one do you think she is? [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e21_sc09 | A Tap Class
Description: The teacher comes up to them.

- Teacher: May I help you? [line_index=0]
- Monica: Oh, no thanks, we're just here to observe. [line_index=1]
- Teacher: You don't observe a dance class. You dance [line_index=2]
- Rachel: What does she mean? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: I think she means 'You dance [line_index=4; stage=Imitates]
- Monica: Okay, d'y'see anybody you think could be me? [line_index=5]
- Teacher: People! Last time there were some empty yoghurt containers lying around after class. Let's not have that happen again! [line_index=6; stage=To the class]
- Rachel: She could be you. [line_index=7]

## Scene s01e21_sc10 | Music starts
Description: Music starts

- Teacher: Let's get started. Five, six, a-five six seven eight... [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e21_sc11 | Music starts
Description: Everyone starts to dance in unison. Monica flounders

- Monica: Okay, I'm not getting this! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: I'm totally getting it! [line_index=1; stage=Dancing in a swirly, Phoebe kind of way]
- Monica: Did you ever feel like sometimes you are just so unbelievably uncoordinated? [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e21_sc12 | Music starts
Description: Rachel taps into view; she is in perfect sync with the rest of the class

- Rachel: What? You just click when they click. [line_index=0]
- Teacher: Alright people, now everyone grab a partner. [line_index=1]

## Scene s01e21_sc13 | Music starts
Description: The girls are unsure how to pair off. Phoebe settles it

- Phoebe: Okay. And, my, dead, mother, says, you, are, it. I'm with Rachel. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Great. It's gym class all over again. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Aww. [line_index=2]
- Teacher: Well that's all right, you can come up to the front and dance with me. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Why don't I just take off my clothes and have a nightmare. [line_index=4]

## Scene s01e21_sc14 | Music starts
Description: She starts to walk very slowly toward the front of the room. The teacher grabs her hand and pulls her. Suddenly a woman bursts in

- Woman: It's okay, it's okay, I'm here, I'm here. Sorry I'm late, okay, here I am. Who's the new tense girl? [line_index=0]
- Teacher: She's your partner. [line_index=1]
- Woman: Hi. I'm Monica. [line_index=2]
- Monica: Oh. Monica! ...Hi. I'm Mo- ...nana. [line_index=3]
- Woman: Monana? [line_index=4; stage=Fake Monica]
- Monica: Yeah. It's Dutch. [line_index=5]
- Fake Monica: You're kidding! I-I spent three years in Amsterdam. [line_index=6; stage=Asks her something in Dutch]
- Monica: Um, Pennsylvania Dutch. [line_index=7]
- Teacher: And we're dancing. A-five, six, seven, eight... [line_index=8]

## Scene s01e21_sc15 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Ross is entering.

- Ross: Hi. [line_index=0; stage=Mortified]
- Joey: Hey. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Where've you been? [line_index=2]
- Ross: At the vet. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she? [line_index=4]
- Ross: She says Marcel's humping thing's not a phase. Apparently he's reached sexual maturity. [line_index=5]
- Joey: Hey! He beat ya. [line_index=6; stage=To Chandler]
- Ross: She says as time goes on, he's gonna start getting agressive and violent. [line_index=7]
- Chandler: So what does this mean? [line_index=8]
- Ross: I'm gonna have to give him up. [line_index=9]

## Scene s01e21_sc16 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, scene continued from earlier. They guys are sitting there like the Three Monkeys.

- Joey: I can't believe it, Ross. This sucks! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already? [line_index=1]
- Ross: I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing I can't get off my leg. [line_index=2]
- Joey: Isn't there any way you can keep him? [line_index=3]
- Ross: No, no. The vet says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... monkey lovin,' he's just gonna get vicious. I've just gotta get him into a zoo. [line_index=4]
- Joey: How do you get a monkey into a zoo? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen . [line_index=6]
- Ross: Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos, y'know, like, uh, San Diego... right? But that might just be a pipe dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. Uh, my vet, uh, knows someone at Miami, so that's a possibility. [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo. [line_index=8]

## Scene s01e21_sc17 | Central Perk
Description: Phoebe, Monica, and Rachel enters.

- Phoebe: Hey. We found her, we found the girl. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=1]
- Joey: Did you call the cops? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Nope. We took her to lunch. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice. [line_index=4]
- Ross: What?! Are you insane? This woman stole from you. She stole. She's a stealer. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Y'know what? After you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. I mean, she is this astounding person, with this, with this amazing spirit. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Yeah, which she probably stole from some cheerleader. [line_index=7]
- Chandler: ...Take off their hats! [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Popes in a Volkswagen ! ...I love that joke. [line_index=9]

## Scene s01e21_sc18 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Rachel and Fake Monica are there.

- Rachel: No way. No way did you do this. [line_index=0]
- Fake Monica: Monana was very brave. [line_index=1]
- Monica: It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor! [line_index=2]
- Fake Monica: So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts... [line_index=3]
- Monica: ...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me! [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up. [line_index=5; stage=Exits]
- Fake Monica: Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show. [line_index=6]
- Monica: 'Scuse me? [line_index=7]
- Fake Monica: There's an open call for Cats. I'm thinking we go down there, sing Memories and make complete fools of ourselves. Whaddya say? [line_index=8]
- Monica: Nononononono. Think who you're dealing with here. I mean, I'm not like you. I-I can't even stand in front of a tap class. [line_index=9]
- Fake Monica: Well, that's just probably 'cause of your Amish background. [line_index=10]
- Monica: What? [line_index=11]
- Fake Monica: Well, you're Pennsylvania Dutch, right? [line_index=12]
- Monica: Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned. [line_index=13]
- Fake Monica: I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society ? [line_index=14]
- Monica: Uh-huh. [line_index=15]
- Fake Monica: I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring . I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back.' And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do. [line_index=16]
- Monica: Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire . [line_index=17]

## Scene s01e21_sc19 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, tiem lapse. Everyone but Joey and Monica are there.

- Ross: Oh God. We didn't get into Scranton. That was like our safety zoo. They take like dogs and cows. See? I don't know who this is harder on, me or him. [line_index=0; stage=Reading letters To Marcel To the others]
- Phoebe: I'd say that chair's taking the brunt. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Marcel! Marcel! Marcel, no! Good boy. See, how can nobody want him? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh, somebody will. [line_index=3]
- Joey: You know there already is a Joseph Stalin? [line_index=4; stage=entering]
- Chandler: You're kidding. [line_index=5]
- Joey: Apparently he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. You'd think you would've known that! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Y'know, you'd think I would've. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Phoebe. Whaddyou think a good stage name for me would be? [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: ...Flame Boy. [line_index=9]

## Scene s01e21_sc20 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Ross is talking to Dr. Baldhara, a zookeeper.

- Ross: Where exactly is your zoo? [line_index=0]
- Dr. Baldhara: Well, it's technically not a zoo per se, it's more of an interactive wildlife experience. Let me ask you some questions about, is it, uh, Marcel? [line_index=1]
- Ross: Yes. [line_index=2]
- Dr. Baldhara: Does he, uh, fight with other animals? [line_index=3]
- Ross: No-no, he's, he's very docile. [line_index=4]
- Dr. Baldhara: Even if he were... cornered? [line_index=5]
- Ross: Well I, I don't know. Why? [line_index=6]
- Dr. Baldhara: Uh, how is he at handling small objects? [line_index=7]
- Ross: He can hold a banana, if that's whatcha mean... [line_index=8]
- Dr. Baldhara: How about a hammer, or a small blade? [line_index=9]
- Ross: Why- why- why would he need a blade? [line_index=10]
- Dr. Baldhara: Well, if he's up against a jungle cat or an animal with horns, you've got to give the little guy something. Otherwise it's just cruel. [line_index=11]

## Scene s01e21_sc21 | Central Perk
Description: Chandler and Joey burst in, with Marcel

- Joey: He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego. [line_index=0]
- Joey: We, we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing... [line_index=1]
- Chandler: ...He's in. [line_index=2]
- Ross: He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego! [line_index=3]
- Dr. Baldhara: You're making a big mistake here. I mean, San Diego's all well and good, but if you give him to me, I'll start him off against a blind rabbit and give you twenty percent of the gains. [line_index=4]

## Scene s01e21_sc22 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is dusting. She comes to the table, lifts all the magazines and wipes under them, then just puts them down again. Monica bursts in, obviously drunk.

- Monica: Yo- hooo! [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Where the hell've you been? [line_index=1]
- Monica: Monica and I just crashed an embassy party. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Are you drunk?! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Noooo! I'm lying. I am so drunk. [line_index=4; stage=Comes closer and whispers]
- Rachel: Oh God, oh. Great, Monica, y'know what, you could've called, I have been up here, I've been worried... [line_index=5]

## Scene s01e21_sc23 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica is drinking from the tap

- Rachel: Monica? Monica! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Water rules! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Yes, yes, it does. Okay, look, the restaurant called, they wanna know if you're gonna be showing up for work? [line_index=2]
- Monica: Nope. Going to the Big Apple Circus today. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Okay Monica, what are you doing? You're gonna lose your job! This is not you! [line_index=4]
- Monica: No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana! [line_index=5]

## Scene s01e21_sc24 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: The phone rings and Rachel answers

- Rachel: Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Helloooo? Yeah. Oh my God. Thanks. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=2]
- Monica: They've arrested Monica. [line_index=3]

## Scene s01e21_sc25 | New York City Department of Correction
Description: New York City Department of Correction, Monica is visiting Fake Monica.

- Monica: Hi. [line_index=0]
- Fake Monica: Hey. [line_index=1]
- Monica: How are you? [line_index=2]
- Fake Monica: I'm not too bad. Fortunately, blue's my colour. How-how did you know I was here? [line_index=3]
- Monica: Because... I'm Monica Geller. It was my credit card you were using. [line_index=4]
- Fake Monica: That I was not expecting. [line_index=5]
- Monica: I want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in. [line_index=6]
- Fake Monica: Oh. Thanks. [line_index=7]
- Monica: No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to sing Memories on the stage at the Wintergarden Theater ! [line_index=8]
- Fake Monica: Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'. [line_index=9]
- Monica: I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus ? [line_index=10]
- Fake Monica: Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus ? [line_index=11]
- Monica: Well, not... worried, just... wondering. [line_index=12]
- Fake Monica: There's nothing to wonder about, Monica. You're gonna go back to being exactly who you were, because that's who you are. [line_index=13]
- Monica: Not necessarily... [line_index=14]
- Fake Monica: Yes necessarily! I mean, I dunno what it is, maybe it's the Amish thing. [line_index=15]
- Monica: Um, I'm not actually Amish. [line_index=16]
- Fake Monica: Really? Then why are you like that? [line_index=17]

## Scene s01e21_sc26 | Tap Class
Description: Tap Class, Monica is standing by the door.

- Teacher: You by the door. In or out? [line_index=0]
- Monica: In. [line_index=1; stage=She joins in the dancing. She still flounders]
- Teacher: You in the back, you're getting it all wrong! [line_index=2]
- Monica: Yeah, but at least I'm doing it! [line_index=3]

## Scene s01e21_sc27 | The Airport
Description: The Airport, everyone but Monica is there to see off Marcel.

- PA: This is the final boarding call for flight 67 to San Diego, boarding at gate 42A. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Okay. Good-bye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the plane. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Aww. Thank you, Aunt Phoebe. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Oh! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn. [line_index=4]
- Joey: I dunno what to say, Ross. Uh, it's a monkey. [line_index=5]
- Ross: Just, just say what you feel. [line_index=6]
- Joey: Marcel, I'm hungry. [line_index=7]
- Ross: That was good. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Marcel, this is for you. It's, uh, just, y'know, something to, um, do on the plane. [line_index=9; stage=Brings Marcel a teddy bear]
- Ross: Uh, if you guys don't mind, I'd like to take a moment, just me and him. [line_index=10]
- All: Oh, sure. Sure, absolutely. [line_index=11; stage=They just stand there, then realise what he means and go to the other end of the room]
- Ross: Marcel, c'mere, c'mere. Well buddy, this is it. There's just a coupla things I want to say. I'm really gonna miss you, and I'm never gonna forget about you. You've been more than just a pet to me, you've been more like a be- Okay, Marcel, please, could you leave my leg alone? Could you just stop humping me for two seconds?! Marcel, would- okay, just take him away. Just take him. [line_index=12; stage=He sits down and Marcel jumps down and sits beside him Marcel climbs down and starts humping his leg]

## Scene s01e21_sc28 | The Airport
Description: Marcel is put in a cage and taken away.


## Scene s01e21_sc29 | A Theater
Description: A Theater, there is a casting session going on for a play.

- Actor: Oh, that I were a glove upon that hand, that I might... touch thy cheek... [line_index=0; stage=Very melodramatically, and very badly]
- Casting Director No. 1: That's fine, thank you. [line_index=1]
- Casting Director No. 2: Next. [line_index=2; stage=Joey walks onstage]
- Joey: Hi, uh, I'll be reading for the role of Mercutio. [line_index=3]
- Casting Director No. 2: Name? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Holden McGroin. [line_index=5]
