---
episode_id: s01e09
title: The One Where Underdog Gets Away
season: 1
episode: 9
---

# S01E09 The One Where Underdog Gets Away

## Scene s01e09_sc01 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Rachel is confronting her boss, Terry.

- Rachel: Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a $100 advance in my salary? [line_index=0]
- Terry: An advance? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job. [line_index=2]
- Terry: Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? Oh, look at that. [line_index=4; stage=everyone in the place raises their hand]

## Scene s01e09_sc02 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Rachel is approaching a customer.

- Rachel: Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibility that you could give me an advance on my tips? [line_index=0]
- Guy: Huh? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Ok, ok, that's fine. Fine. Hey, I'm sorry about that spill before. Only $98.50 to go. [line_index=2; stage=picks up the tip he leaves]

## Scene s01e09_sc03 | Monica enters
Description: Monica enters.

- Monica: Hey. Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rico for Thanksgiving? [line_index=0]
- Ross: No, they're not. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Yes, they are. The Blymens invited them. [line_index=2]
- Ross: You're wrong. [line_index=3]
- Monica: I am not wrong. [line_index=4]
- Ross: You're wrong. [line_index=5]
- Monica: No, I just talked to them. [line_index=6]
- Ross: I'm calling Mom. [line_index=7; stage=getting up, upset]

## Scene s01e09_sc04 | Monica enters
Description: Joey enters. His face looks abnormally colorful.

- Joey: Hey, hey. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Hey. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Hey. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup? [line_index=3]
- Joey: Yes, I am. As of today, I am officially Joey Tribbiani, actor slash model. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: What were you modeling for? [line_index=6]
- Joey: You know those posters for the city free clinic? [line_index=7]
- Monica: Oh, wow, so you're gonna be one of those "healthy, healthy, healthy guys"? [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: You know, the asthma guy was really cute. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Do you know which one you're gonna be? [line_index=10]
- Joey: No, but I hear lyme disease is open, so... [line_index=11; stage=crosses fingers]
- Chandler: Good luck, man. I hope you get it. [line_index=12]
- Joey: Thanks. [line_index=13]

## Scene s01e09_sc05 | Monica enters
Description: Ross comes back to the couch.

- Ross: Well, you were right. How can they do this to us, huh? It's Thanksgiving. [line_index=0; stage=to Monica]
- Monica: Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps? [line_index=2]
- Monica: You know, they're not actually supposed to have... I'll work on the lumps. Joey, you're going home, right? [line_index=3; stage=Ross looks at her sheepishly]
- Joey: Yeah. [line_index=4]
- Monica: And I assume, Chandler, you are still boycotting all the pilgrim holidays. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Yes, every single one of them. [line_index=6]
- Monica: Phoebe, you're gonna be with your grandma? [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Yes, and her boyfriend. But we're celebrating Thanksgiving in December 'cause he is lunar. [line_index=8]
- Monica: So you're free Thursday, then. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Yeah. Oh, can I come? [line_index=10]
- Monica: Yeah. Rach, are you thinking you're gonna make it to Vail? [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Absolutely. Shoop, shoop, shoop. Only a hundred and two dollars to go. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: I thought it was $98.50. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Yeah, well it was. I, I broke a cup. [line_index=14]
- Ross: Well, I'm off to Carol's. [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Ooh, ooh! Why don't we invite her? [line_index=16]
- Ross: Ooh, ooh. Because she's my ex-wife, and will probably want to bring her, ooh, ooh, lesbian life partner. [line_index=17; stage=mimicking]

## Scene s01e09_sc06 | Carol and Susan's apartment
Description: Carol and Susan's apartment, Susan is there. Ross enters.

- Ross: Hi, is uh, is Carol here? [line_index=0]
- Susan: No, she's at a faculty meeting. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but... [line_index=2]
- Susan: Come in. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Thanks. Yeah, Carol borrowed it for a class, and I have to get it back to the museum. [line_index=4]
- Susan: What's it look like? [line_index=5]
- Ross: Kinda like a big face without skin. [line_index=6]
- Susan: Yes, I'm familiar with the concept. We can just look for it. [line_index=7]
- Ross: Ok. Wow, you guys sure have a lot of books about bein' a lesbian. [line_index=8; stage=browsing the apartment]
- Susan: Well, you know, you have to take a course. Otherwise, they don't let you do it. [line_index=9]
- Ross: Hey, hey, Yertle the Turtle. A classic. [line_index=10; stage=picking up a book]
- Susan: Actually, I'm reading it to the baby. [line_index=11]
- Ross: The uh, the baby that hasn't been born yet? Wouldn't that mean you're... crazy? [line_index=12]
- Susan: What, you don't think they can hear sounds in there? [line_index=13]
- Ross: You're not serious, I mean, you really... you really talk to it? [line_index=14]
- Susan: Yeah, all the time. I want the baby to know my voice. [line_index=15]
- Ross: Do you uh, do you talk about me? [line_index=16]
- Susan: Yeah, yeah, all the time. [line_index=17]
- Ross: Really? [line_index=18]
- Susan: But um, we just refer to you as Bobo the Sperm Guy. [line_index=19]

## Scene s01e09_sc07 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is there but Rachel.

- Ross: Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe any of this. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head. [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e09_sc08 | Rachel enters
Description: Rachel enters.

- Monica: Hey, Rach, did you make your money? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: No, not even close. Forget Vail, forget seeing my family, forget shoop, shoop, shoop. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Rach, here's your mail. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Thanks, you can just put it on the table. [line_index=3]
- Monica: No, here's your mail. [line_index=4; stage=insistently]
- Rachel: Thanks, you can just put it on the table. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Would you just open it? [line_index=6; stage=gives her an envelope]

## Scene s01e09_sc09 | Rachel enters
Description: Rachel opens it. Inside is the money she needed.

- Rachel: Oh my god, oh, you guys are great. [line_index=0]
- Monica: We all chipped in. [line_index=1]
- Joey: We did? [line_index=2; stage=to Monica]
- Monica: You owe me 20 bucks. [line_index=3; stage=to Joey]
- Rachel: Thank you. Thank you so much! [line_index=4]
- Monica: Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grilled cheese fixin's, and your family size bag of Funyuns. [line_index=5; stage=hands Chandler a bag]
- Rachel: Wait, wait, Chandler, this is what you're havin' for Thanksgiving dinner? What, what, what is it with you and this holiday? [line_index=6]
- Chandler: All right, I'm nine years old. [line_index=7]
- Ross: Oh, I hate this story. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Oh my god. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse. [line_index=11]

## Scene s01e09_sc10 | The subway
Description: The subway, Joey spots a gorgeous woman waiting. He goes up to her.

- Joey: Uh, hi. We uh, we used to work together. [line_index=0]
- Girl: We did? [line_index=1]
- Joey: Yeah, at Macy's. You were the Obsession girl, right? I was the Aramis guy. Aramis? Aramis? [line_index=2; stage=pretends to spray cologne]
- Girl: Yeah, right. [line_index=3]
- Joey: I gotta tell you. You're the best in the business. [line_index=4]
- Girl: Get out. [line_index=5]
- Joey: I'm serious. You're amazing. You know when to spritz, when to lay back. [line_index=6]
- Girl: Really? You don't know what that means to me. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Ooh, you smell great tonight. What're you wearing? [line_index=8]
- Girl: Nothing. [line_index=9; stage=provocatively]
- Joey: Listen, uh, you wanna go get a drink or something? [line_index=10]
- Girl: Yeah. Oh. [line_index=11; stage=she gets up, notices something behind Joey]
- Joey: What's wrong? [line_index=12]
- Girl: I just remembered, I have to do something. [line_index=13]
- Joey: Oh. What? [line_index=14]
- Girl: Um, leave. [line_index=15]
- Joey: Wait, wait, wait! [line_index=16]

## Scene s01e09_sc11 | The subway
Description: Joey turns around and sees his face on a poster in the subway. The poster says: What Mario isn't telling you...V.D., you never know who might have it. A variety of scenes are shown with the poster displayed all over New York City.


## Scene s01e09_sc12 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Joey enters, amongst snickers from the gang.

- Joey: So I guess you all saw it. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Saw what? [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: No, we were just laughing. You know, how laughter can be infectious. [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e09_sc13 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Joey enters, upset.

- Joey: Set another place for Thanksgiving. My entire family thinks I have VD. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Tonight, on a very special Blossom. [line_index=1]

## Scene s01e09_sc14 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is cooking Thanksgiving dinner. Chandler is standing in the doorway, not wanting to participate in the festivities.

- Monica: Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming. What? [line_index=0; stage=notices Ross is depressed]
- Ross: I don't know. It's just not the same without Mom in the kitchen. [line_index=1]
- Monica: All right, that's it. You know what? Just get out of my way and stop moping. [line_index=2]
- Ross: That's closer. [line_index=3]

## Scene s01e09_sc15 | Rachel enters, excited
Description: Rachel enters, excited.

- Rachel: I got the tickets! I got the tickets! Five hours from now, shoop, shoop, shoop. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Oh, you must stop shooping. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Ok, I'm gonna get my stuff. [line_index=2]
- Joey: Chandler, will you just come in already? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment. [line_index=4]

## Scene s01e09_sc16 | Rachel enters, excited
Description: Phoebe takes a slice of pumpkin pie and waves it in front of Chandler's face.

- Phoebe: Look out, incoming pumpkin pie! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore. [line_index=1]

## Scene s01e09_sc17 | Chandler leaves
Description: Chandler leaves.

- Joey: Hey, Monica, I got a question. I don't see any tater tots. [line_index=0]
- Monica: That's not a question. [line_index=1]
- Joey: But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, a little cranberry sauce, and a tot! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease. [line_index=2]
- Monica: All right, fine. Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed with lumps, and in the form of tots. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Ok, I'm off to talk to my unborn child. [line_index=4]

## Scene s01e09_sc18 | Chandler leaves
Description: Ross grabs for some food, Monica slaps his hand away.

- Monica: Ah! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Ok, Mom never hit. [line_index=1]

## Scene s01e09_sc19 | Ross exits
Description: Ross exits.

- Phoebe: Ok, all done. [line_index=0; stage=stirring pot]
- Monica: What, Phoebe, did you whip the potatoes? Ross needs lumps! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions. [line_index=2]
- Monica: Why would we do that? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Well, 'cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them, you know, before she died. [line_index=4]
- Monica: Ok, three kinds of potatoes coming up. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Ok, good-bye you guys. Thanks for everything. Oh, sorry! Oh, sorry! [line_index=6; stage=she starts to leave, and hits everyone with her skis]

## Scene s01e09_sc20 | Chandler enters, running
Description: Chandler enters, running.

- Chandler: The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away. [line_index=0]
- Joey: The balloon? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's , he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: I can't, I gotta go. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Almost never. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Got the keys? or Got the keys! [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Ok. [line_index=7]

## Scene s01e09_sc21 | Everyone leaves the apartment
Description: Everyone leaves the apartment.


## Scene s01e09_sc22 | Carol and Susan's
Description: Carol and Susan's, Ross is preparing to talk to her belly.

- Carol: Anytime you're ready. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Ok, ok, here we go. Ok, where am I talking to, here? I mean, uh, well, there is one way that seems to offer a certain acoustical advantage, but... [line_index=1; stage=he crouches down near her stomach]
- Carol: Just aim for the bump. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Ok, ok, ok, ok, here goes. You know, I, you know, can't do this. Uh, this is too weird. I feel stupid. [line_index=3]
- Carol: So don't do it, it's fine. You don't have to do it just because Susan does it. [line_index=4]
- Ross: Hello, baby. Hello, hello. [line_index=5; stage=quickly talking]

## Scene s01e09_sc23 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, the group is coming back from the roof.

- Rachel: I loved the moment when you first saw the giant dog shadow all over the park. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Yeah, but did they have to shoot him down? I mean, that was just mean. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Why are we standing here? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: We're waiting for you to open the door. You got the keys. [line_index=3]
- Monica: No I don't. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Yes, you do. When we left, you said, "got the keys." [line_index=5]
- Monica: No I didn't. I asked, "got the ke-eys?" [line_index=6]
- Rachel: No, no, no, you said, "got the keys". [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Do either of you have the keys? [line_index=8]
- Monica: The oven is on. [line_index=9; stage=panicked]
- Rachel: Oh, I gotta get my ticket! [line_index=10]
- Joey: Wait, wait, we have a copy of your key. [line_index=11]
- Monica: Well then get it, get it! [line_index=12]
- Joey: That tone will not make me go any faster. [line_index=13]
- Monica: Joey! [line_index=14; emotions=anger; stage=angry]
- Joey: That one will. [line_index=15]

## Scene s01e09_sc24 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Joey leaves to get the copy of the key.


## Scene s01e09_sc25 | Carol and Susan's
Description: Carol and Susan's, Carol is reading, Ross is talking to her stomach.

- Ross: And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked paleontology. And you have no idea what I'm saying, because, let's face it, you're a fetus. You're just happy you don't have gills anymore. [line_index=0]
- Carol: Look, you don't have to talk to it. You can sing to it if you want. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Oh, please. I am not singing to your stomach, ok? [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e09_sc26 | Susan enters
Description: Susan enters.

- Susan: Hi, how's it goin? [line_index=0]
- Ross: Shh! Here we come, walkin' down the street, get the funniest looks from, everyone we meet. Hey, hey ! Hey, uh, did you just feel that? [line_index=1; stage=singing to Carol]
- Carol: I did. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Does it always, uh--? [line_index=3]
- Carol: No, no that was the first. [line_index=4]
- Susan: Keep singing! Keep singing! [line_index=5]
- Ross: Hey, hey, you're my baby, and I can't wait to meet you. When you come out I'll buy you a bagel, and then we'll go to the zoo . [line_index=6; stage=singing]
- Susan: I felt it! [line_index=7]
- Ross: Hey, hey, I'm your daddy. I'm the one without any breasts . [line_index=8; stage=singin]

## Scene s01e09_sc27 | The Hallway
Description: The Hallway, Joey has a tray full of keys, and is trying each one in the lock.

- Joey: Nope, not that one. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Can you go any faster with that? [line_index=1]
- Joey: Hey, I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math. [line_index=2]
- Monica: Why do you guys have so many keys in there anyway? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: For an emergency just like this. [line_index=4; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastic]
- Rachel: All right, listen, smirky. If it wasn't for you and your stupid balloon, I would be on a plane watching a woman do this right now. But I'm not. [line_index=5; stage=grabs Chandler by the shirt makes a gesture like a stewardess pointing out exits]
- Monica: I swear you said you had the keys. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: No, I didn't. I wouldn't say I had the keys unless I had the keys, and I obviously didn't have the keys. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Ooh, ok, that's it. Enough with the keys. No one say keys. [line_index=8]

## Scene s01e09_sc28 | Short pause
Description: Short pause.

- Monica: Why would I have the keys? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Aside from the fact that you said you had them? [line_index=1]
- Monica: But I didn't. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Well, you should have. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Why? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Because! [line_index=5]
- Monica: Why? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Because! [line_index=7]
- Monica: Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no! Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I... [line_index=8; stage=starting to cry]
- Chandler: Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go. [line_index=9]

## Scene s01e09_sc29 | Short pause
Description: They walk in. Smoke fills the apartment.

- Monica: Well, the turkey's burnt. Potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined. [line_index=0; stage=checking pots]

## Scene s01e09_sc30 | Ross enters, singing
Description: Ross enters, singing.

- Ross: Here we come, walkin' down the—this doesn't smell like Mom's. [line_index=0]
- Monica: No, it doesn't, does it? But you wanted lumps, Ross? Well, here you go, buddy, ya got one. [line_index=1; stage=picks up the pan of badly burnt potatoes]
- Rachel: Oh, god, this is great! The plane is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys. [line_index=2]
- Joey: Hey, we all had better plans. This was nobody's first choice. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Oh, really? So why was I busting my ass to make this delicious Thanksgiving dinner? [line_index=4]
- Joey: You call that delicious? [line_index=5]

## Scene s01e09_sc31 | all shouting
Description: all shouting

- Monica: Stop it, stop it, stop it! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Now this feels like Thanksgiving. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Ooh. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Ugly Naked Guy's taking his turkey out of the oven. Oh my god. He's not alone. Ugly Naked Guy's having Thanksgiving dinner with Ugly Naked Gal. [line_index=4]

## Scene s01e09_sc32 | all shouting
Description: They all run to the window.

- Joey: I've gotta see this. All right Ugly Naked Guy! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Ooh, Ugly Naked Dancing! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: It's nice that he has someone. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Shall I carve? [line_index=3]
- Rachel: By all means. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese? [line_index=5]
- Ross: I don't even wanna know about the dark cheese. [line_index=6]
- Monica: Does anybody wanna split this with me? [line_index=7; stage=holding sandwich]
- Joey: Oh, I will. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Ooh, you guys have to make a wish. [line_index=9]
- Monica: Make a wish? [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for? [line_index=11]
- Joey: The bigger half. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked. [line_index=13]
- All: That's so sweet. [line_index=14]
- Ross: And hey, here's to a lousy Christmas. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: And a crappy New Year. [line_index=16]
- Chandler: Here, here! [line_index=17]

## Scene s01e09_sc33 | The Subway
Description: The Subway, Joey sees his poster and he peels off the caption on his poster,
