---
episode_id: s01e03
title: The One With The Thumb
season: 1
episode: 3
---

# S01E03 The One With The Thumb

## Scene s01e03_sc01 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, everyone but Phoebe is there.

- Phoebe: Hi guys! [line_index=0; stage=entering]
- All: Hey, Pheebs! Hi! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hey. Oh, oh, how'd it go? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Um, not so good. He walked me to the subway and said 'We should do this again!' [line_index=3]
- All: Ohh. Ouch. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: What? He said 'we should do it again', that's good, right? [line_index=5]
- Monica: Uh, no. Loosely translated 'We should do this again' means 'You will never see me naked'. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Since when? [line_index=7]
- Joey: Since always. It's like dating language. Y'know, like 'It's not you' means 'It is you'. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Or, or, y'know, um, 'I think we should see other people' means 'Ha, ha, I already am'. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: And everybody knows this? [line_index=11]
- Joey: Yeah. Cushions the blow. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm. [line_index=13]
- Ross: That's funny, that, no, because, uh, our parents actually did, uh, send our dog off to live on a farm. [line_index=14]
- Monica: Uh, Ross. [line_index=15]
- Ross: What? Wh- hello? The Millners' farm in Connecticut? The Millners, they had this unbelievable farm, they had horses, and, and rabbits that he could chase and it was- it w- .....Oh my God, Chi Chi! [line_index=16]

## Scene s01e03_sc02 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is helping Joey rehearse for a part.

- Chandler: "So how does it feel knowing you're about to die?" [line_index=0]
- Joey: "Warden, in five minutes my pain will be over. But you'll have to live with the knowledge that you sent an honest man to die." [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Hey, that was really good! [line_index=2]
- Joey: Thanks! Let's keep going. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Okay. "So. Whaddya want from me, Damone, huh?" [line_index=4]
- Joey: "I just wanna go back to my cell. 'Cause in my cell, I can smoke." [line_index=5]
- Chandler: "Smoke away." [line_index=6]

## Scene s01e03_sc03 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Joey takes out a pack of cigarettes and a lighter. He fumbles and drops the lighter. Then he lights a cigarett, takes a drag, and coughs.

- Chandler: I think this is probably why Damone smokes in his cell alone. [line_index=0]
- Joey: What? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Relax your hand! [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e03_sc04 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Joey lets his wrist go limp.

- Chandler: Not so much! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Whoah! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=2]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Alright, now try taking a puff. [line_index=4]

## Scene s01e03_sc05 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Joey tries and visibly winces.

- Chandler: Alright.. okay. No. Give it to me. [line_index=0]
- Joey: No no no, I am not giving you a cigarette. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here. [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e03_sc06 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Joey reluctantly gives him the cigarette.

- Chandler: Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Y'miss it? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke. Oh.. my.. God. [line_index=2; stage=Takes a puff. He continues to smoke.]

## Scene s01e03_sc07 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: , Central Perk, everyone except Phoebe and Rachel is there.

- Monica: No, no, no. They say it's the same as the distance from the tip of a guy's thumb to the tip of his index finger. [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e03_sc08 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: The guys stretch out their fingers.

- Joey: That's ridiculous! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Can I use.. either thumb? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Alright, don't tell me, don't tell me! Decaf cappucino for Joey.. Coffee black.. Late.. And an iced tea. I'm getting pretty good at this! [line_index=2; stage=carrying a tray of drinks Starts handing them out.]
- All: Yeah. Yeah, excellent. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Good for me! [line_index=4; stage=leaving to serve others]

## Scene s01e03_sc09 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: The gang swaps all the drinks for what they ordered as Phoebe enters. She sits down without saying hi.

- Joey: Y'okay, Phoebe? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Yeah- no- I'm just- it's, I haven't worked- It's my bank. [line_index=1]
- Monica: What did they do to you? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up their monthly, you know, STATEMENT- [line_index=3]
- Ross: Easy. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: - and there's five hundred extra dollars in my account. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Oh, Satan's minions at work again... [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Yes, 'cause now I have to go down there, and deal with them. [line_index=7]
- Joey: What are you talking about? Keep it! [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: It's not mine, I didn't earn it, if I kept it, it would be like stealing. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Yeah, but if you spent it, it would be like shopping! [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'... [line_index=11]
- Monica: We're with you. We got it. [line_index=12]

## Scene s01e03_sc10 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler leans over the back of the couch out of sight.

- Phoebe: Okay. I'd- just- I'd never be able to enjoy it. It would be like this giant karmic debt. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Chandler, what are you doing? [line_index=1]
- Monica: Hey. Whaddya doing? [line_index=2; stage=puling him up]

## Scene s01e03_sc11 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler tries to shrug nonchalantly but eventually he has to exhale a mouthful of smoke.

- All: Oh! Oh, God! [line_index=0]
- Ross: What is this?! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I'm smoking. I'm smoking, I'm smoking. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Oh, I can't believe you! You've been so good, for three years! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: And this- is my reward! [line_index=4]
- Ross: Hold on a second, alright? Just think about what you went through the last time you quit. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Okay, so this time I won't quit! [line_index=6]
- All: Ohhh! Put it out! [line_index=7]
- Chandler: All right! I'm putting it out, I'm putting it out. [line_index=8; stage=He drops it in Phoebe's coffee.]
- Phoebe: Oh, no! I- I can't drink this now! [line_index=9]
- Monica: Alright. I'm gonna go change, I've got a date. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: This Alan again? How's it goin'? [line_index=11]
- Monica: 'S'going pretty good, y'know? It's nice, and, we're having fun. [line_index=12]
- Joey: So when do we get to meet the guy? [line_index=13]
- Monica: Let's see, today's Monday... Never. [line_index=14]
- All: Oh, come on! Come on! [line_index=15]
- Monica: No. Not after what happened with Steve. [line_index=16]
- Chandler: What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!.. Sorry. [line_index=17]
- Monica: Look, I don't even know how I feel about him yet. Just give me a chance to figure that out. [line_index=18]
- Rachel: Well, then can we meet him? [line_index=19]
- Monica: Nope. Schhorry. [line_index=20]

## Scene s01e03_sc12 | Iridium
Description: Iridium, Monica and Paula are at work.

- Monica: I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd. [line_index=0]
- Paula: Listen. As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll [line_index=1]
- tell you: that is not such a terrible thing. I mean, they're your friends, they're just looking out after you. [line_index=2]
- Monica: I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked. [line_index=3]
- Paula: Well, you do realise the odds of that happening are a little slimmer if they never get to meet the guy.. [line_index=4]

## Scene s01e03_sc13 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is smoking out on the balcony, Phoebe is absent.

- Joey: Let it go, Ross. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Yeah, well, you didn't know Chi Chi. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Do you all promise? [line_index=2]
- All: Yeah! We promise! We'll be good! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Chandler? Do you promise to be good? [line_index=4; stage=shouts to Chandler]

## Scene s01e03_sc14 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Chandler makes a 'Cross my heart' sign. It starts to rain and he taps on the window.

- Joey: You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside! [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e03_sc15 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Chandler sulkilty picks up a garbage can lid and uses it as an umbrella.


## Scene s01e03_sc16 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Phoebe enters, walks to the couch, sits down, and begins to read a letter without saying hi.

- Ross: Hey, Pheebs. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: 'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- - football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone! [line_index=1; stage=Searches in her purse]
- Rachel: What bank is this? [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e03_sc17 | The intercom buzzes
Description: The intercom buzzes.

- Monica: Hey. It's him. Who is it? [line_index=0; stage=On the intercom]
- Alan: It's Alan. [line_index=1; stage=on the intercom]
- Joey: Chandler! He's here! [line_index=2; stage=shouting to Chandler]

## Scene s01e03_sc18 | The intercom buzzes
Description: Chandler comes in, dripping wet.

- Monica: Okay, please be good, please . Just remember how much you all like me. [line_index=0; stage=to all]

## Scene s01e03_sc19 | The intercom buzzes
Description: She opens the door and Alan enters.

- Monica: Hi. Alan, this is everybody. Everybody, this is Alan. [line_index=0]
- Alan: Hi. [line_index=1]
- All: Hi, Alan. [line_index=2]
- Alan: I've heard schho much about all you guyschh! [line_index=3]

## Scene s01e03_sc20 | Everyone laughs
Description: Everyone laughs.

- Monica: Thanks. I'll call you tomorrow. Okay. Okay, let's let the Alan-bashing begin. Who's gonna take the first shot, hmm? [line_index=0; stage=to Alan Alan exits, to all]

## Scene s01e03_sc21 | Silence
Description: Silence.

- Monica: C'mon! [line_index=0]
- Ross: ...I'll go. Let's start with the way he kept picking at- no, I'm sorry, I can't do this, can't do this. We loved him. [line_index=1]
- All: Loved him! Yeah! He's great! [line_index=2]
- Monica: Wait a minute! We're talking about someone that I'm going out with? [line_index=3]
- All: Yeah! [line_index=4]
- Rachel: And did you notice...? [line_index=5; stage=She spreads her thumb and index finger.]
- The Guys: Yeah. [line_index=6; stage=reluctantly]
- Joey: Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Yes, yes! Like the man in the shoe! [line_index=8]
- Ross: ...What shoe? [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: From the nursery rhyme. 'There was a crooked man, Who had a crooked smile, Who lived in a shoe, For a... while...' [line_index=10]

## Scene s01e03_sc22 | Dubious pause
Description: Dubious pause.

- Ross: ...So I think Alan will become the yardstick against which all future boyfriends will be measured. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: What future boyfriends? Nono, I th- I think this could be, y'know, it. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Really! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhof impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right? [line_index=3; stage=Does the impression]
- Ross: You know what I like most about him, though? [line_index=4]
- All: What? [line_index=5]
- Ross: The way he makes me feel about myself. [line_index=6]
- All: Yeah... [line_index=7]

## Scene s01e03_sc23 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Monica is alone as Ross, Rachel, Chandler, and Joey enter dejectedly in softball gear.

- Monica: Hi.. how was the game? [line_index=0]
- Ross: Well.. [line_index=1]
- All: WE WON!! Thank you! Yes! [line_index=2]
- Monica: Fantastic! I have one question: How is that possible? [line_index=3]
- Joey: Alan. [line_index=4]
- Ross: He was unbelievable. He was like that-that-that Bugs Bunny cartoon where Bugs is playing all the positions, right, but instead of Bugs it was first base-Alan, second base-Alan, third base-... [line_index=5]
- Rachel: I mean, it-it was like, it was like he made us into a team. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball.. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Can I ask you guys a question? D'you ever think that Alan is maybe.. sometimes.. [line_index=8]
- Ross: What? [line_index=9]
- Monica: ..I dunno, a little too Alan? [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Well, no. That's impossible. You can never be too Alan. [line_index=11]
- Ross: Yeah, it's his, uh, innate Alan-ness that-that-that we adore. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: I personally could have a gallon of Alan. [line_index=13]

## Scene s01e03_sc24 | A street
Description: A street, Phoebe walks up to a homeless person (Lizzie) she knows.

- Phoebe: Hey, Lizzie. [line_index=0]
- Lizzie: Hey, Weird Girl. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: I brought you alphabet soup. [line_index=2]
- Lizzie: Did you pick out the vowels? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Yes. But I left in the Ys. 'Cause, y'know, "sometimes y". Uh, I also have something else for you. [line_index=4; stage=She searches in her purse.]
- Lizzie: Saltines? [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: No, but would you like a thousand dollars and a football phone? [line_index=6]
- Lizzie: What? Oh my God, there's really money in here. [line_index=7; stage=She opens the envelope Phoebe has given her.]
- Phoebe: I know. [line_index=8]
- Lizzie: Weird Girl, what are you doing? [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: No, I want you to have it. I don't want it. [line_index=10]
- Lizzie: No, no, I ha-I have to give you something. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Oh, that's fine, no. [line_index=12]
- Lizzie: Would you like my tin-foil hat? [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: No. 'Cause you need that. No, it's okay, thanks. [line_index=14]
- Lizzie: Please, let me do something. [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Okay, alright, you buy me a soda, and then we're even. Okay? [line_index=16]
- Lizzie: Okay. [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: Okay. [line_index=18]

## Scene s01e03_sc25 | Chandler's office
Description: Chandler's office, Chandler looks around, opens his desk drawer, takes a puff of a cigarette, sprays around some air freshener, and takes some breath spray. He types for a little while, opens the drawer again, and takes another drag of the cigarette. While not paying attention, he sprays the breath spray around the room, takes a squirt of air freshener and gags.


## Scene s01e03_sc26 | A Street
Description: A Street, Phoebe and Lizzie are at a hot dog vendor.

- Lizzie: Keep the change. Sure you don't wanna pretzel? [line_index=0; stage=To Phoebe]
- Phoebe: No, I'm fine. [line_index=1]
- Lizzie: See ya. [line_index=2; stage=leaves]

## Scene s01e03_sc27 | A Street
Description: Phoebe opens the can and reacts.

- Phoebe: Huh! [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e03_sc28 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe is telling everyone about her discovery.

- Ross: A thumb ?! [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e03_sc29 | Phoebe nods
Description: Phoebe nods.

- All: Eww! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: I know! I know, I opened it up and there it was, just floating in there, like this tiny little hitch-hiker! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Does, um, anyone wanna see? [line_index=3]
- All: Nooo! [line_index=4]

## Scene s01e03_sc30 | Chandler lights a cigarette
Description: Chandler lights a cigarette.

- All: Oh, hey, don't do that! Cut it out! [line_index=0]
- Rachel: It's worse than the thumb! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Hey, this is so unfair! [line_index=2]
- Monica: Oh, why is it unfair? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this? [line_index=4]

## Scene s01e03_sc31 | An awkward silence ensues
Description: An awkward silence ensues.

- Joey: ...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Well, I-I could live without it. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Well, is it, like, a little annoying, or is it like when Phoebe chews her hair? [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e03_sc32 | An awkward silence ensues
Description: Phoebe spits out her hair.

- Ross: Oh, now, don't listen to him, Pheebs, I think it's endearing. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Oh, "you do, do you"? [line_index=1; stage=Imitating Ross]

## Scene s01e03_sc33 | Monica laughs and snorts
Description: Monica laughs and snorts.

- Ross: You know, there's nothing wrong with speaking correctly. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: "Indeed there isn't"... I should really get back to work. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Ohh-ho-hooohhh. The hair comes out, and the gloves come on. [line_index=3]

## Scene s01e03_sc34 | Monica laughs and snorts
Description: They degenerate into bickering and Chandler happily starts to smoke, undisturbed.


## Scene s01e03_sc35 | Iridium
Description: Iridium, Monica and Paula are working.

- Monica: Did you ever go out with a guy your friends all really like? [line_index=0]
- Paula: No. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Okay.. Well, I'm going out with a guy my friends all really like. [line_index=2]
- Paula: Waitwait.. we talking about the coyotes here? All right, a cow got through! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Can you believe it? ...Y'know what? I just don't feel the thing . I mean, they feel the thing, I don't feel the thing. [line_index=4]
- Paula: Honey.. you should always feel the thing . Listen, if that's how you feel about the guy, Monica, dump him! [line_index=5]
- Monica: I know.. it's gonna be really hard. [line_index=6]
- Paula: Well, he's a big boy, he'll get over it. [line_index=7]
- Monica: No, he'll be fine. It's the other five I'm worried about. [line_index=8]

## Scene s01e03_sc36 | Cental Perk
Description: Cental Perk, Joey and Ross are persecuting Chandler about his smoking.

- Joey: Do you have any respect for your body? [line_index=0]
- Ross: Don't you realise what you're-you're doing to yourself? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you. [line_index=3; stage=holding the phone out to Chandler]
- Chandler: Really? He does? Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks! [line_index=4; stage=taking the phone He hands the phone back and stubs out his cigarette.]
- Rachel: God, he's good. [line_index=5; stage=to Ross, who has wandered up]
- Ross: If only he were a woman. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=7]

## Scene s01e03_sc37 | Cental Perk
Description: They give each other a dubious look.


## Scene s01e03_sc38 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, everyond except Monica and Joey is watching Lambchop.

- Chandler: Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Okay. I think it's time to change somebody's nicotine patch. [line_index=1; stage=Does so.]
- Monica: Hey. Where's Joey? [line_index=2; stage=entering]
- Chandler: Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong? [line_index=3]
- Rachel: I think he's across the hall. [line_index=4]
- Monica: Thanks. [line_index=5; stage=Goes to fetch him.]
- Ross: There y'go. [line_index=6; stage=finishing changing Chandler's nicotine patch]
- Chandler: Ooh, I'm alive with pleasure now. [line_index=7; stage=deadpan]
- Ross: Hey Pheebs, you gonna have the rest of that Pop-Tart?.. Pheebs? [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Does anyone want the rest of this Pop-Tart? [line_index=9]
- Ross: Hey, I might! [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Sorry. ..Y'know, those stupid soda people gave me seven thousand dollars for the thumb. [line_index=11]
- All: You're kidding. Oh my God. [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: And on my way over here, I stepped in gum. ...What is up with the universe?! [line_index=13]
- Joey: What's going on? [line_index=14; stage=dragged in by Monica, he has just gotten out of the shower]
- Monica: Nothing. I just think it's nice when we're all here together. [line_index=15]
- Joey: Even nicer when everyone gets to wear their underwear.. [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Uh, Joey.. [line_index=17]
- Joey: Oh, God! [line_index=18; stage=Hurriedly closes his legs.]
- Monica: Okay.. [line_index=19; stage=turns off the TV]
- All: Oh! That was Lambchop! [line_index=20]
- Monica: Please, guys, we have to talk. [line_index=21]
- Phoebe: Wait, wait, I'm getting a deja vu ...no, I'm not. [line_index=22]
- Monica: Alright, we have to talk. [line_index=23]
- Phoebe: There it is! [line_index=24]
- Monica: Okay. It's-it's about Alan. There's something that you should know. I mean, there's really no easy way to say this.. uh.. I've decided to break up with Alan. [line_index=25]

## Scene s01e03_sc39 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: They all gasp and clutch each other.

- Ross: Is there somebody else? [line_index=0]
- Monica: No, nononono.. it's just.. things change. People change. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: We didn't change.. [line_index=2]
- Joey: So that's it? It's over? Just like that? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: You know.. you let your guard down, you start to really care about someone, and I just- I- [line_index=4; stage=starts chewing her hair]
- Monica: Look, I- I could go on pretending- [line_index=5]
- Joey: Okay! [line_index=6]
- Monica: -but that wouldn't be fair to me, it wouldn't be fair to Alan- It wouldn't be fair to you! [line_index=7]
- Ross: Who-who wants fair? Y'know, I just want things back. Y'know, the way they were. [line_index=8]
- Monica: I'm sorry.. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Oh, she's sorry! I feel better! [line_index=10; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastic]
- Rachel: I just can't believe this! I mean, with the holidays coming up- I wanted him to meet my family- [line_index=11; emotions=sadness; stage=tearful]
- Monica: I'll meet somone else. There'll be other Alans. [line_index=12]
- All: Oh, yeah! Right! [line_index=13]
- Monica: Are you guys gonna be okay? [line_index=14]
- Ross: Hey hey, we'll be fine. We're just gonna need a little time. [line_index=15]
- Monica: I understand. [line_index=16; stage=dubious]

## Scene s01e03_sc40 | A Restaurant
Description: A Restaurant, Monica is breaking the news to Alan.

- Alan: Wow. [line_index=0]
- Monica: I'm, I'm really sorry. [line_index=1]
- Alan: Yeah, I'm sorry too. But, I gotta tell you, I am a little relieved. [line_index=2]
- Monica: Relieved? [line_index=3]
- Alan: Yeah, well, I had a great time with you.. I just can't stand your friends. [line_index=4]

## Scene s01e03_sc41 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, everyone is mopping around and eating ice cream.

- Rachel: Remember when we went to Central Park and rented boats?.. That was fun. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Yeah. He could row like a viking. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Hi. [line_index=2; stage=entering]
- All: Mmm. [line_index=3]
- Ross: So how'd it go? [line_index=4]
- Monica: Oh, y'know.. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Did he mention us? [line_index=6]
- Monica: He said he's really gonna miss you guys. [line_index=7; stage=dubious look]
- Ross: You had a rough day, huh.. c'mere. [line_index=8; stage=She sits down and Ross strokes her forehead.]
- Chandler: ...That's it. I'm getting cigarettes. [line_index=9]
- All: No no no! [line_index=10]
- Chandler: I don't care, I don't care! Game's over! I'm weak! I've gotta smoke! I've gotta have the smoke! [line_index=11; stage=leaving]
- Phoebe: If you never smoke again I'll give you seven thousand dollars! [line_index=12; stage=shouting as he leaves]
- Chandler: Yeah, alright. [line_index=13; stage=returns]
