---
episode_id: s01e07
title: The One With the Blackout
season: 1
episode: 7
---

# S01E07 The One With the Blackout

## Scene s01e07_sc01 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Rachel is introducing Phoebe, who is playing her guitar for the crowd.

- Rachel: Everybody? Shh, shhh. Uhhh... Central Perk is proud to present the music of Miss Phoebe Buffay. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Hi. Um, I want to start with a song thats about that moment when you suddenly realize what life is all about. OK, here we go. OK, thank you very much. [line_index=1; stage=plays a chord, then the lights go out]

## Scene s01e07_sc02 | The ATM vestibule of a bank
Description: The ATM vestibule of a bank, Chandler is inside. The lights go out, and he realizes he is trapped inside.

- Chandler: Oh, great . This is just... [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e07_sc03 | The ATM vestibule of a bank
Description: Chandler sees that there is a gorgeous model inside the vestibule with him. He makes a gesture of quiet exuberance.


## Scene s01e07_sc04 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is on the phone with her mother. Phoebe, Rachel, and Ross are there.

- Rachel: Wow, this is so cool, you guys. The entire city is blacked out! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Mom says it's all of Manhattan, parts of Brooklyn and Queens, and they have no idea when it's coming back on. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Wow, you guys, this is big. [line_index=2]
- Monica: Pants and a sweater? Why, mom? Who am I gonna meet in a blackout? Power company guys? Eligible looters? Could we talk about this later? OK. [line_index=3; stage=into phone hangs up]
- Phoebe: Can I borrow the phone? I want to call my apartment and check on my grandma. What's my number? [line_index=4; stage=to Monica]

## Scene s01e07_sc05 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel look at Phoebe strangely.

- Phoebe: Well, I never call me . [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e07_sc06 | ATM vestibule
Description: ATM vestibule, Jill Goodacre is on the cellular phone. Chandler's thoughts are in italics.

- Chandler: Oh my God, it's that Victoria's Secret model. Something... something Goodacre. [line_index=0]
- Jill: Hi Mom, it's Jill. [line_index=1; stage=on phone]
- Chandler: She's right, it's Jill. Jill Goodacre. Oh my God. I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! Is it a vestibule? Maybe it's an atrium. Oh, yeah, that is the part to focus on, you idiot! [line_index=2; stage=pause]
- Jill: Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just stuck at the bank, in an ATM vestibule. [line_index=3; stage=on phone]
- Chandler: Jill says vestibule... I'm going with vestibule. [line_index=4]
- Jill: I'm fine. No, I'm not alone... I don't know, some guy. [line_index=5; stage=on phone]
- Chandler: Oh! Some guy. Some guy. 'Hey Jill, I saw you with some guy last night. Yes, he was some guy . [line_index=6]

## Scene s01e07_sc07 | ATM vestibule
Description: Chandler strides proudly across the vestibule and Jill stares at him.


## Scene s01e07_sc08 | Monica's apartment
Description: Monica's apartment, Joey enters with a menorah, the candles lit.

- Joey: Hi everyone. [line_index=0]
- Ross: And officiating at tonight's blackout, is Rabbi Tribbiani. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Well, Chandler's old roomate was Jewish, and these are the only candles we have, so... Happy Chanukah, everyone. [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e07_sc09 | Monica's apartment
Description: Monica's apartment


## Scene s01e07_sc10 | Monica's apartment
Description: They all look at the window, grossed out, then flinch in pain.

- Rachel: That had to hurt! [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e07_sc11 | ATM vestibule
Description: ATM vestibule.

- Chandler: Alright, alright, alright. It's been fourteen and a half minutes and you still have not said one word. Oh God, do something. Just make contact, smile! [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e07_sc12 | ATM vestibule
Description: Chandler smiles at her, she smiles back sweetly.

- Chandler: There you go! [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e07_sc13 | ATM vestibule
Description: He continues to smile like an idiot, and she looks frightened.

- Chandler: You're definitely scaring here. [line_index=0]
- Jill: Would you like to call somebody? [line_index=1; stage=awkwardly offering phone]
- Chandler: Yeah, about 300 guys I went to high school with. Yeah, thanks. [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e07_sc14 | takes phone
Description: takes phone


## Scene s01e07_sc15 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, The phone rings; it's Chandler.

- Monica: Hello? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Hey, it's me. [line_index=1]
- Monica: It's Chandler! Are you OK? [line_index=2; stage=to everyone on phone]
- Chandler: Yeah, I'm fine. I'm trppd in an ATM vstbl wth Jll Gdcr . [line_index=3; stage=trying to cover up what he is saying]
- Monica: What? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth Jll Gdcr ! [line_index=5]
- Monica: I have no idea what you just said. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Put Joey on the phone. [line_index=7; emotions=anger; stage=angry]
- Joey: What's up man? [line_index=8]
- Chandler: I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth JLL GDCR . [line_index=9]
- Joey: Oh my God! He's trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! Chandler, listen. [line_index=10; stage=to everyone on phone says something intentionally garbled]
- Chandler: Yeah, like that thought never entered my mind. [line_index=11]

## Scene s01e07_sc16 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, time has passed. The five are sitting around the coffee table talking.

- Rachel: Alright, somebody. [line_index=0]
- Monica: OK, I'll go. OK, senior year of college... on a pool table. [line_index=1]
- All: Whoooaa! [line_index=2]
- Ross: That's my sister. [line_index=3]
- Joey: OK... my weirdest place would have to be... the women's room on the second floor of the New York CIty public library. [line_index=4]
- Monica: Oh my God! What were you doing in a library? [line_index=5]
- Ross: Pheebs, what about you? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Oh... Milwaukee. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Um... Ross? [line_index=8]
- Ross: Disneyland, 1989, 'It's a Small World After All.' [line_index=9]
- All: No way! [line_index=10]
- Ross: The ride broke down. So, Carol and I went behind a couple of those mechanical Dutch children... then they fixed the ride, and we were asked never to return to the Magic Kingdom. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Oh, Rachel. [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Oh come on, I already went. [line_index=13]
- Monica: You did not go! [line_index=14]
- All: Come on. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Oh, alright. The weirdest place would have to be... ... oh, the foot of the bed. [line_index=16; stage=sigh]
- Ross: Step back. [line_index=17]
- Joey: We have a winner! [line_index=18]
- Rachel: I just never had a relationship with that kind of passion, you know, where you have to have somebody right there, in the middle of a theme park. [line_index=19]
- Ross: Well, it was the only thing to do there that didn't have a line. [line_index=20]
- Rachel: There, well, see? Barry wouldn't even kiss me on a miniature golf course. [line_index=21]
- Ross: Come on. [line_index=22]
- Rachel: No, he said we were holding up the people behind us. [line_index=23]
- Ross: And you didn't marry him because...? [line_index=24; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastically]
- Rachel: I mean, do you think there are people who go through life never having that kind of... [line_index=25]
- Ross: Probably. But you know, I'll tell you something. Passion is way overrated. [line_index=26]
- Rachel: Yeah right. [line_index=27]
- Ross: It is. Eventually, it kind of... burns out. But hopefully, what you're left with is trust, and security, and... well, in the case of my ex-wife, lesbianism. So, you know, for all of those people who miss out on that passion... thing, there's all that other good stuff. [line_index=28]
- Rachel: OK. [line_index=29; stage=sigh]
- Ross: But, um... I don't think that's going to be you. [line_index=30]
- Rachel: You don't. [line_index=31]
- Ross: Uh-uh. See, I see.... big passion in your future. [line_index=32]
- Rachel: Really? [line_index=33]
- Ross: Mmmm. [line_index=34]
- Rachel: You do? [line_index=35]
- Ross: I do. [line_index=36]
- Rachel: Oh Ross, you're so great. [line_index=37; stage=she playfully rubs his head and gets up]

## Scene s01e07_sc17 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Ross gets up, pleased with himself.

- Joey: It's never gonna happen. [line_index=0]
- Ross: What? [line_index=1; stage=innocently]
- Joey: You and Rachel. [line_index=2]
- Ross: What? Why not? [line_index=3; stage=acts surprised pause]
- Joey: Because you waited too long to make your move, and now you're in the friend zone . [line_index=4]
- Ross: No, no, no. I'm not in the zone. [line_index=5]
- Joey: Ross, you're mayor of the zone. [line_index=6]
- Ross: I'm taking my time, alright? I'm laying the groundwork. Yeah. I mean, every day I get just a little bit closer to... [line_index=7]
- Joey: Priesthood! Look Ross, I'm telling you, she has no idea what you're thinking. If you don't ask her out soon you're going to end up stuck in the zone forever. [line_index=8]
- Ross: I will, I will. See, I'm waiting for the right moment. What? What, now? [line_index=9; stage=Joey looks at him]
- Joey: Yeeeeaaaahhh! What's messing you up? The wine? The candles? The moonlight? You've just got to go up to her and say, 'Rachel, I think that...' [line_index=10; stage=Rachel comes into the room behind them]
- Ross: Shhhh! [line_index=11]
- Rachel: What are you shushing? [line_index=12]
- Ross: We're shushing... because... we're trying to hear something. Listen. Don't you hear that? [line_index=13; stage=everyone is silent]
- Rachel: Ahhhh! [line_index=14]
- Ross: See? [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Huh. [line_index=16; emotions=confusion; stage=she agrees, but looks very confused]

## Scene s01e07_sc18 | ATM vestibule
Description: ATM vestibule.

- Jill: Would you like some gum? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Um, is it sugarless? [line_index=1]
- Jill: Sorry, it's not. [line_index=2; stage=checks]
- Chandler: Oh, then no thanks. What the hell was that? Mental note: If Jill Goodacre offers you gum, you take it. If she offers you mangled animal carcass, you take it. [line_index=3]

## Scene s01e07_sc19 | Monica's apartment
Description: Monica's apartment, Phoebe is singing.

- Phoebe: New York City has no power, and the milk is getting sour. But to me it is not scary, 'cause I stay away from dairy.... la la la, la la, la la... [line_index=0; stage=singing she writes the lyrics down]
- Ross: OK, here goes. [line_index=1; stage=to Joey]
- Joey: Are you going to do it? [line_index=2]
- Ross: I'm going to do it. [line_index=3]
- Joey: Do you want any help? [line_index=4]
- Ross: You come out there, you're a dead man. [line_index=5]
- Joey: Good luck, man. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Thanks. OK. [line_index=7; stage=Joey hugs him]
- Joey: OK. [line_index=8; stage=Ross goes out on the balcony to talk to Rachel]

## Scene s01e07_sc20 | Monica's apartment
Description: Monica walks in, starts to go out on the balcony.

- Joey: Hey, where are you going? [line_index=0]
- Monica: Outside. [line_index=1]
- Joey: You can't go out there. [line_index=2]
- Monica: Why not? [line_index=3]
- Joey: Because of... the reason. [line_index=4]
- Monica: And that would be? [line_index=5]
- Joey: I, um, can't tell you. [line_index=6]
- Monica: Joey, what's going on? [line_index=7]
- Joey: OK, you've got to promise that you'll never, ever tell Ross that I told you. [line_index=8]
- Monica: About what? [line_index=9]
- Joey: He's planning your birthday party. [line_index=10]
- Monica: Oh my God! I love him! [line_index=11]
- Joey: You'd better act surprised. [line_index=12; stage=as Phoebe enters]
- Phoebe: About what? [line_index=13]
- Monica: My surprise party! [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: What surprise party? [line_index=15]
- Monica: Oh stop it. Joey already told me. [line_index=16]
- Phoebe: Well, he didn't tell me. [line_index=17]
- Joey: Hey, don't look at me. This is Ross's thing. [line_index=18]
- Phoebe: This is so typical. I'm always the last one to know everything. [line_index=19]
- Monica: No, you are not. We tell you stuff. [line_index=20]
- Phoebe: Yuh-huh! I was the last one to know when Chandler got bitten by the peacock at the zoo. I was the last one to know when you had a crush on Joey when he was moving in. Looks like I was second to last. [line_index=21; stage=Monica gestures at Phoebe to shut up; Joey looks surprised but pleased]

## Scene s01e07_sc21 | Monica and Rachel's Balcony
Description: Monica and Rachel's Balcony, Ross and Rachel are talking.

- Rachel: Hmmm... this is so nice. [line_index=0]
- Ross: OK, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: OK. [line_index=2]
- Ross: OK. Here goes. For a while now, I've been wanting to, um.... [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Ohhh!!!! [line_index=4; stage=looking at something behind Ross]
- Ross: Yes, yes, that's right... [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Oh, look at the little cat! [line_index=6; stage=a small kitten is on the roof behind Ross]
- Ross: What? Ow! [line_index=7; stage=the cat jumps on his shoulders]
- Phoebe: I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find, is the wonders I've found ever since... [line_index=8; stage=singing]

## Scene s01e07_sc22 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is holding the cat, Monica is treating the scratches on Ross' back. Joey is holding the menorah over the wound.

- Monica: This is just Bactine. It won't hurt. [line_index=0; stage=to Ross]

## Scene s01e07_sc23 | Ross flinches in pain
Description: Ross flinches in pain.

- Joey: Sorry, that was wax. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh, poor little Tooty is scared to death. We should find his owner. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Why don't we just put 'poor little Tooty' out in the hall? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: During a blackout? He'd get trampled! [line_index=3]
- Ross: Yeah? [line_index=4; stage=nonchalantly]

## Scene s01e07_sc24 | ATM vestibule
Description: ATM vestibule.

- Chandler: You know, on second thought, gum would be perfection. 'Gum would be perfection'? 'Gum would be perfection.' Could have said 'gum would be nice,' or 'I'll have a stick,' but no, no, no, no. For me, gum is perfection . I loathe myself. [line_index=0; stage=Jill gives him a stick of gum, and a strange look]

## Scene s01e07_sc25 | The hallway of Monica's building. Phoebe and Rachel are trying to find the cat's owner
Description: The hallway of Monica's building. Phoebe and Rachel are trying to find the cat's owner.

- Phoebe: Oh no, the Mendels, they hate all living things, right? [line_index=0; stage=stops at a door]
- Rachel: Oh. Hi. We just found this cat and we're looking for the owner. [line_index=1; stage=they knock at the next door, Mr. Heckles answers]
- Mr. Heckles: Er, yeah, it's mine. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: He seems to hate you. Are you sure? [line_index=3; stage=trying to hold back the struggling cat]
- Mr. Heckles: Yeah, it's my cat. Give me my cat. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Wait a minute. What's his name? [line_index=5]
- Mr. Heckles: Ehhhh... B-Buttons. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Bob Buttons? [line_index=7]
- Mr. Heckles: Mmm. Bob Buttons. Here, Bob Buttons. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Oooh! You are a very bad man! [line_index=9; stage=the cat runs away from her]
- Mr. Heckles: You owe me a cat. [line_index=10; stage=as Phoebe and Rachel leave]

## Scene s01e07_sc26 | Rachel has gone off on her own to look for the cat's owner
Description: Rachel has gone off on her own to look for the cat's owner.

- Rachel: Here, kitty-kitty. Here kitty-kitty. Where did you go, little kitty-kitty-kitty? Here kitty-kitty-kitty-kitty... [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e07_sc27 | Rachel has gone off on her own to look for the cat's owner
Description: While looking at the floor for the cat, Rachel runs into a pair of legs. She slowly gets up and sees a gorgeous Italian hunk holding the cat. Who, by the way, you'll hate very, very soon. The man. Not the cat.


## Scene s01e07_sc28 | something Italian
Description: something Italian

- Rachel: Wow. [line_index=0; stage=she exhales in amazement, blowing the candle out]

## Scene s01e07_sc29 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Ross, Monica, and Joey are playing Monopoly .

- Ross: Lucky sixes.... [line_index=0; stage=rolling]
- Rachel: Everybody, this is Paolo. Paolo, I want you to meet my friends. This is Monica. [line_index=1; stage=entering with Paolo, arm in arm]
- Monica: Hi! [line_index=2; stage=smitten]
- Rachel: And Joey.... [line_index=3]
- Monica: Hi! [line_index=4]
- Rachel: And Ross. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Hi! [line_index=6]

## Scene s01e07_sc30 | something in Italian
Description: something in Italian

- Rachel: He doesn't speak much English. [line_index=0; stage=proudly]
- Rachel: Look at that! [line_index=1]
- Ross: So, um... where did Paolo come from? [line_index=2; stage=jealous]
- Rachel: Oh... Italy, I think. [line_index=3]
- Ross: No, I mean tonight, in the building. Suddenly. Into our lives. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Well, the cat... the cat turned out to be Paolo's cat! [line_index=5]
- Ross: That, that is funny... .... and Rachel keeps touching him. [line_index=6; stage=to Joey]

## Scene s01e07_sc31 | Phoebe enters
Description: Phoebe enters.

- Phoebe: Alright. I looked all over the building and I couldn't find the kitty anywhere. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Oh, I found him. He was Paolo's cat. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Ah! Well! There you go! Last to know again! And I'm guessing... since nobody told me... this is Paolo. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Ah, Paolo, this is Phoebe. [line_index=3]

## Scene s01e07_sc32 | Phoebe enters
Description: something in Italian, he is apparently attracted to Phoebe

- Phoebe: You betcha! [line_index=0; emotions=joy; stage=smiling]

## Scene s01e07_sc33 | ATM vestibule
Description: ATM vestibule.


## Scene s01e07_sc34 | ATM vestibule
Description: Chandler waits until Jill is looking, then starts to blow a bubble. But instead of blow one, he accidentally spits the gum out of his mouth and hits the wall.

- Chandler: Nice going, imp. OK, it's OK. All I need to do is reach over and put it in my mouth. [line_index=0; stage=Chandler slyly grabs the gum from the wall and slides it back in his mouth.]
- Chandler: Good save! We're back on track, and I'm... [line_index=1]

## Scene s01e07_sc35 | Chandler starts to choke
Description: Chandler starts to choke.

- Jill: Are you alright? [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e07_sc36 | Chandler starts to choke
Description: Chandler tries to save face and makes the 'OK' sign with his hands, while obviously unable to breathe.

- Jill: My God, you're choking! That better? [line_index=0; stage=she runs over and gives him the Heimlich, the gum flies from his mouth]
- Chandler: Yes... thank you. That was... that was.... [line_index=1; stage=gasping]
- Jill: Perfection? [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e07_sc37 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel and Paolo are at the window. Ross and Joey are watching disgustedly.


## Scene s01e07_sc38 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: something romantic in Italian about Rachel and the stars

- Ross: Blah blah blah, blah blah blah... blah blaaaaaah.... [line_index=0; stage=mocking Paolo]

## Scene s01e07_sc39 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Rachel walks away from Paolo, laughing.

- Ross: Wha-What did he say that was so funny? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: I have absolutely no idea. [line_index=1]
- Ross: That's... that's classic. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh my God, you guys, what am I doing? What am I doing? This is so un-me! [line_index=3; stage=to Monica and Phoebe]
- Monica: If you want, I'll do it. [line_index=4]

## Scene s01e07_sc40 | Ross looks at Joey
Description: Ross looks at Joey.

- Phoebe: I know, I just want to bite his bottom lip. But I won't. [line_index=0; stage=Rachel looks at her]
- Rachel: God, the first time he smiled at me... those three seconds were more exciting than three weeks in Bermuda with Barry. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: You know, did you ride mopeds? 'Cause I've heard... ... oh, I see... it's not about that right now. OK. [line_index=2; stage=they stare at her]
- Rachel: Y'know, I know it's totally superficial and we have absolutely nothing in common, and we don't even speak the same language but Goooooooddddddd.... [line_index=3]
- Ross: Paolo. Hi. [line_index=4]
- Paolo: Ross! [line_index=5]

## Scene s01e07_sc41 | Ross looks at Joey
Description: Ross notices that Paolo is standing on a step, which makes him taller. Ross gets up on the same step so he can look down at Paolo.

- Ross: Listen. Um, listen. Something you should... know... um, Rachel and I... we're kind of a thing. [line_index=0]
- Paolo: Thing? [line_index=1]
- Ross: Thing, yes. Thing. [line_index=2]
- Paolo: Ah, you... have the sex? [line_index=3]
- Ross: No, no, no. Technically the... sex is not... being had, but that's... see, that's not the point. See, um, the point is that... Rachel and I should be, er, together. You know, and if you get in the.... um... [line_index=4]
- Paolo: Bed? [line_index=5]
- Ross: No, no, that's not where I was going. Er, if you get in the... way , of us becoming a thing, then I would be, well, very sad. [line_index=6]
- Paolo: Oh! [line_index=7]
- Ross: Yeah! Se vice ? [line_index=8]
- Paolo: Si. [line_index=9]
- Ross: So you do know a little English. [line_index=10]
- Paolo: Poco... a leetle. [line_index=11]
- Ross: Do you know the word crapweasel ? [line_index=12]
- Paolo: No. [line_index=13]
- Ross: That's funny, because you know, you are a huge crapweasel! [line_index=14]

## Scene s01e07_sc42 | They hug
Description: They hug.


## Scene s01e07_sc43 | ATM vestibule
Description: ATM vestibule, Chandler and Jill are sitting below the counter with two pens dangling from their chains in front of them. Jill is showing Chandler how to swing the pen around his head.

- Jill: Chandler, we've been here for an hour doing this! Now watch, it's easy. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: OK. [line_index=1]
- Jill: Ready? [line_index=2; stage=she swings the pen around her head in a circle]

## Scene s01e07_sc44 | ATM vestibule
Description: Chandler tries to do the same thing but the pen hits him in the head.

- Jill: No, you've got to whip it. [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e07_sc45 | ATM vestibule
Description: He swings the pen hard, and it snaps back and almost hits him again.


## Scene s01e07_sc46 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, the gang is all sitting around the table.

- Phoebe: Oh, look look look. The last candle's about to burn out. 10, 9, 8, 7... ... negative 46, negative 47, negative 48.... [line_index=0; stage=time lapse someone blows it out, the room gets completely dark]
- Ross: Thank you. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Thanks. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Kinda... spooky without any lights. [line_index=3]
- Joey: Bwah-hah-hah! [line_index=4; stage=does a maniacal laugh]

## Scene s01e07_sc47 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Everyone starts to imitate him.

- Ross: OK, guys, guys? I have the definitive one. Mwwwooooo-hah-hah... [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e07_sc48 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: The lights come back on, and Rachel and Paolo are making out. Ross clutches his chest.

- Ross: Oh.. oh... oh. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Hey Ross. This probably isn't the best time to bring it up, but you have to throw a party for Monica. [line_index=1]

## Scene s01e07_sc49 | ATM vestibule
Description: ATM vestibule, the power has come back on.

- Jill: Well, this has been fun. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Yes. Yes, thanks for letting me use your phone... and for saving my life. [line_index=1]
- Jill: Well, goodbye Chandler. I had a great blackout. See ya. [line_index=2; stage=she kisses him on the cheek]

## Scene s01e07_sc50 | ATM vestibule
Description: She leaves. Chandler presses his face to the glass door after her, stroking the window lovingly. He then turns to the security camera and starts talking to it.

- Chandler: Hi, um, I'm account number 7143457. And, uh, I don't know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape. [line_index=0]
