---
episode_id: s01e24
title: The One Where Rachel Finds Out
season: 1
episode: 24
---

# S01E24 The One Where Rachel Finds Out

## Scene s01e24_sc01 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, the whole gang is there, Ross is showing pictures of his new baby boy, Ben, to the group.

- Ross: And here's little Ben nodding off... [line_index=0]
- Monica: Awww, look at Aunt Monica's little boy! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Oh, look, he's got Ross's haircut! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh, let me see! Oh, God, is he just the sweetest thing? You must just want to kiss him all over! [line_index=3; stage=grabs picture]

## Scene s01e24_sc02 | Central Perk
Description: Ross is practically drooling over Rachel at this point.

- Ross: That would be nice. [line_index=0; stage=quietly]

## Scene s01e24_sc03 | Central Perk
Description: Chandler, annoyed with Ross's fawning, makes a 'pfft' noise.

- Rachel: Pardon? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Nothing, just a little extra air in my mouth. Pffft. Pffffffft. [line_index=1; stage=walks over to where Joey is seated]

## Scene s01e24_sc04 | Central Perk
Description: Joey is looking at his check.

- Joey: Hey, Chan, can you help me out here? I promise I'll pay you back. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Oh, yeah, right, OK... inlcuding the waffles last week, you now owe me... 17 jillion dollars. [line_index=1]
- Joey: I will, really. I'll pay you back this time. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: ... And where's this money coming from? [line_index=3; stage=sigh gives money to Joey]
- Joey: Well... I'm helping out down at the N.Y.U. Med School with some... research. [line_index=4]
- Ross: What kind of research? [line_index=5; stage=overhearing]
- Joey: Oh, just, y'know.... science. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Science. Yeah, I think I've heard of that. [line_index=7; stage=everyone's interest is piqued, they all look over]
- Joey: ... It's a fertility study. [line_index=8; stage=sigh]

## Scene s01e24_sc05 | Rachel laughs
Description: Rachel laughs.

- Monica: Oh, Joey, please tell me you're only donating your time . [line_index=0]
- Joey: Alright, come on you guys, it's not that big a deal. Really... I mean, I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey, hey, but at the end of two weeks, I get seven hundred dollars. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hey. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Wow, ooh, you're gonna be making money hand over fist! [line_index=3]

## Scene s01e24_sc06 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Phoebe are preparing for a barbecue for Rachel's birthday.

- Monica: OK, we got the cole slaw, we got the buns... [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: We've got the ground-up flesh of formerly cute cows and turkeys, ew... [line_index=1]

## Scene s01e24_sc07 | hands meat to Monica
Description: hands meat to Monica


## Scene s01e24_sc08 | hands meat to Monica
Description: Chandler and Joey enter with charcoal.

- Chandler: Men are here. [line_index=0; stage=in a deep voice]
- Joey: We make fire. Cook meat. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Then put out fire by peeing, no get invited back. [line_index=2]
- Monica and Phoebe: Ewww! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Oh Joey, Melanie called, said she's gonna be late. [line_index=4]
- Joey: Oh, OK. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: So how are things going with you two? Is she becoming your special someone? [line_index=6; stage=provocatively]
- Joey: I don't know, she's, uh.... she's pretty great. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Yeah? What does she think of your little science project? [line_index=8]
- Joey: What, you think I'm gonna tell a girl I like that I'm also seeing a cup? [line_index=9]
- Monica: Man's got a point. [line_index=10]
- Joey: Well, the tough thing is, she really wants to have sex with me. [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Crazy bitch. [line_index=12]
- Joey: Yeah, well, I still got a week left to go in the program, and according to the rules, if I want to get the money I'm not allowed to conduct any... ersonal experiments, if you know what I mean. [line_index=13]
- Monica: Joey... we always know what you mean. [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: Hey. [line_index=15]
- Monica: Hey. [line_index=16]
- Ross: Hey. [line_index=17; stage=Phoebe sees his bags]
- Phoebe: How long did you think this barbecue was gonna last? [line_index=18]
- Ross: I'm going to China. [line_index=19]
- Phoebe: Jeez, you say one thing, and... [line_index=20]
- Monica: You're going to China? [line_index=21]
- Ross: Yeah, i-it's for the museum. Someone found a bone, we want the bone, but they don't want us to have the bone, so I'm going over there to try to persuade them to give us the bo—it's—it's a whole big bone thing. Anyway, I'm gonna be gone for like, uh... like a week, so, uh, if you wanna reach me, y-you can't. So here's my itinerary . Um... here's a picture of me... [line_index=22; stage=hands a sheet of paper to Monica hands it to Monica]
- Phoebe: Oh, let me see! [line_index=23; stage=takes the picture]
- Ross: : Could you take it to Carol's every now and then, and show it to Ben, just so he doesn't forget me? [line_index=24; stage=to Monica]
- Monica: Yeah. [line_index=25]

## Scene s01e24_sc09 | hands meat to Monica
Description: Phoebe puts the picture of Ross up to her face.

- Phoebe: Hi, Ben. I'm your father. I am... the head. Aaaaaahhhh.... Alright, this barbecue is gonna be very fun. [line_index=0; stage=puts picture down, sees Ross staring at her]
- Ross: Hey, is Rachel here? Um, I wanted to wish her a happy birthday before I left. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Oh no, she's out having drinks with Carl. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Oh. Hey, who's Carl? [line_index=3; stage=pause]
- Monica: You know, that guy she met at the coffeehouse. [line_index=4]
- Ross: No. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Oh, well, see, there's this guy she met at the... [line_index=6]
- Ross: At the coffeehouse, right. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: So you do know who he is! Sorry. [line_index=8; stage=laughs, Ross stares at her]
- Ross: OK, I'm gonna go say goodbye to the guys. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Oh, hey, y'know what? Tell them that bone story. [line_index=10]

## Scene s01e24_sc10 | hands meat to Monica
Description: Ross goes outisde on the balcony.

- Ross: Hi. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=2]
- Ross: ....I have to go to China. [line_index=3; stage=sigh]
- Joey: The country? [line_index=4]
- Ross: No no, this big pile of dishes in my mom's breakfront. Do you guys know who Carl is? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Uh, let's see... Alvin... Simon... Theodore.... no. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Well, Rachel's having drinks with him tonight. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Oh no! How can she do that when she's never shown any interest in you?!? [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Forget about her. [line_index=9]
- Joey: He's right, man. Please. Move on. Go to China. Eat Chinese food. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Course there, they just call it food. [line_index=11]
- Ross: Yeah... I guess. I don't—I don't know. Alright, just... just give her this for me, OK? [line_index=12; stage=gives Chandler a gift for Rachel]
- Joey: Listen, buddy, we're just looking out for you. [line_index=13]
- Ross: I know. [line_index=14]
- Joey: We want you to be happy. And I may only have a couple beers in me, but... I love you, man. [line_index=15; stage=Joey gives Ross a hug]
- Chandler: I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice. [line_index=16]
- Melanie: Anyway, that's when me and my friends started this whole fruit basket business. We call ourselves 'The Three Basketeers.' [line_index=17]
- Joey: Like the three musketeers, only with fruit. [line_index=18]
- Chandler: Ooooh. [line_index=19; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastic looks dumbfounded at Joey's stupidity]
- Monica: OK, how does everybody like their burgers? [line_index=20; stage=gets up]
- Rachel: Oh, no, no, no. Presents first. Food later. [line_index=21; stage=walks into living room]

## Scene s01e24_sc11 | hands meat to Monica
Description: Everyone follows Rachel to the living room. Monica pulls Joey aside.

- Monica: Hey, hold on there, tiger. How's it going? How you holding up? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Well, not so good. She definitely thinks tonight is the night we're gonna... complete the transaction, if you know what I... [line_index=1]

## Scene s01e24_sc12 | Monica rolls her eyes
Description: Monica rolls her eyes.

- Joey: Then you do. Heh, heh. [line_index=0]
- Monica: So, uh, have you ever thought about being there for her ? [line_index=1]
- Joey: What do you mean? [line_index=2]
- Monica: Y'know, just be there for her . [line_index=3]

## Scene s01e24_sc13 | Monica rolls her eyes
Description: Long pause... Joey looks confused.

- Joey: Not following you. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Think about it. [line_index=1]

## Scene s01e24_sc14 | Monica rolls her eyes
Description: They both walk over to where Rachel is opening her gifts. Rachel sees her first gift is a fruit basket.

- Rachel: OK, I'm guessing this is from... [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e24_sc15 | Melanie smiles
Description: Melanie smiles.

- Rachel: Well, thank you, Melanie. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: OK, this one right here is from me. [line_index=1; stage=pointing out a gift]
- Rachel: OK... ah, it's light... ...it rattles... it's... Travel Scrabble ! Oooohhh, thank you! [line_index=2; stage=picks it up shakes it opens it she gives it back to him]

## Scene s01e24_sc16 | Melanie smiles
Description: Chandler looks dejected. Rachel picks up another gift.

- Rachel: This one's from Joey... feels like a book. Thinks it's a book... feels like a book. And......it's a book! [line_index=0; stage=opens it]
- Phoebe: Oh, it's Dr. Seuss! [line_index=1]
- Joey: : That book got me through some tough times. [line_index=2; stage=to Rachel]
- Melanie: There is a little child inside this man! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Yes, the doctors say if they remove it, he'll die. [line_index=4]

## Scene s01e24_sc17 | Melanie smiles
Description: Rachel picks up the next gift.

- Rachel: Who's this from? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Oh, that's Ross's. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh... ... Oh my God. He remembered. [line_index=2; stage=opens it sees it is a pin]
- Phoebe: Remembered what? [line_index=3]
- Rachel: It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane? [line_index=5; stage=pats his Travel Scrabble game]
- Phoebe: Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune. [line_index=6]
- Monica: I can't believe he did this. [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck? [line_index=8]

## Scene s01e24_sc18 | Melanie smiles
Description: Everyone looks at him. He realizes he just spilled the beans about Ross's crush on Rachel. You can hear this entire classic scene by clicking here.

- Rachel: What did you just say? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: ahem... um... Crystal duck. [line_index=1; stage=panicked]
- Rachel: No, no, no.... the, um, the... 'love' part? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: F-hah.... flennin.... [line_index=3; stage=stuttering incoherently]
- Rachel: Oh.... my God. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Oh, no-no-no-no-no.... [line_index=5; stage=rubbing his temples]
- Joey: That's good, just keep rubbing your head. That'll turn back time. [line_index=6; stage=pats Chandler on the leg]

## Scene s01e24_sc19 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier.

- Rachel: I mean, this is unbelievable. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: I know. This is really, really huge. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: No it's not. It's small. It's tiny. It's petite. It's wee. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Nuh-uh. I don't think any of our lives are ever gonna be the same ever again. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: OK, is there a mute button on this woman? [line_index=4]
- Monica: I think this is so great! I mean, you and Ross! D-did you have any idea? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something [line_index=6]
- about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... (to Joey): W-well, what else did he say? I mean, does he, like, want to go out with me? [line_index=7]
- Joey: Well, given that he's desperately in love with you, he probably wouldn't mind getting a cup of coffee or something. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Ross? All this time? Well, I've got to talk to him. [line_index=9; stage=gets up to leave]
- Chandler: H-He's in China! [line_index=10; stage=quickly]
- Joey: The country. [line_index=11]
- Monica: No, no, wait. His flight doesn't leave for another forty-five more minutes. [line_index=12; stage=checks Ross's itinerary]
- Chandler: What about the time difference? [line_index=13]
- Monica: From here to the airport? [line_index=14]
- Chandler: Yes! You're never gonna make it! [line_index=15; stage=Rachel walks towards door]
- Monica: Rachel, what're you gonna say to him? [line_index=16]
- Rachel: I-I-I don't know. [line_index=17]
- Chandler: Well then maybe you shouldn't go. [line_index=18]
- Joey: He's right, cause if you're just gonna, like, break his heart, that's the kind of thing that can wait. [line_index=19]
- Monica: Yeah, but if it's good news, you should tell him now. [line_index=20]
- Rachel: I don't know. Maybe I'll know when I see him. [line_index=21]
- Phoebe: Here, look, alright, does this help? [line_index=22]

## Scene s01e24_sc20 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Phoebe gets up, holds the picture of Ross up to her face.

- Rachel: Noooo... look, all I know is that I cannot wait a week until I see him. I mean, this is just too big. Y'know, I just, I've just gotta talk to him. I... I gotta... OK, I'll see you later. [line_index=0; stage=opens door]
- Chandler: Rachel, I love you! Deal with me first! [line_index=1; stage=she leaves]

## Scene s01e24_sc21 | Airport
Description: Airport, Ross has headphones on, and is listening to a 'How To Speak Chinese' tape. Occasionally, he makes an outburst in Chinese in accordance with the tape. He is getting on the jetway. The flight attendant is there.


## Scene s01e24_sc22 | something in Chinese
Description: something in Chinese

- Flight Attendant: Alright! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Ni-chou chi-ma! [line_index=1; stage=walks onto jetway]

## Scene s01e24_sc23 | something in Chinese
Description: Rachel runs into the airport, trying to catch Ross, moving people out of the way.

- Rachel: Ross! Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me.... [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e24_sc24 | something in Chinese
Description: Rachel gets up to the jetway.

- Flight Attendant: Hi! [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Hi. [line_index=1]
- Flight Attendant: May I see your boarding pass? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh, no, no, I don't have one. I just need to talk to my friend. [line_index=3]
- Flight Attendant: Oh, oooh. I'm sorry. You are not allowed on the jetway unless you have a boarding pass. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: No, I know, but I—he just went on. He's right there, he's got the blue jacket on, I... can I j-just... [line_index=5]
- Flight Attendant: No no no! Federal regulations! [line_index=6]
- Rachel: OK, alright, OK, um... then could you please, uh... just give him a message for me? Please? This is very important. [line_index=7]
- Flight Attendant: Alright. What's the message? [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Uh... I don't know. [line_index=9]
- Flight Attendant: Sir? Sir? Excuse me, sir? Uh... I have a message for you. [line_index=10]
- Man: What? [line_index=11; emotions=confusion; stage=confused]
- Flight Attendant: It's from Rachel. She said that she loved the present, and she will see you when you get back. [line_index=12]
- Man: : Toby... Oh, for God's sake, I don't know what she's talking about! There's no Rachel! Don't give me that deep freeze. [line_index=13; stage=to wife]

## Scene s01e24_sc25 | Joey's Bedroom
Description: Joey's Bedroom, he and Melanie are in bed together.

- Melanie: Mmmmmm... Oh, Joey, Joey, Joey... I think I blacked out there for a minute! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Heh, heh. It was nothin'. [line_index=1]
- Melanie: Well, now we've gotta find something fun for you! [line_index=2; stage=she starts kissing his chest]
- Joey: Uhhh.. y'know what? Forget about me. Let's, uh... let's give you another turn. [line_index=3; stage=panicked]
- Melanie: M-Me again? [line_index=4; stage=surprised]
- Joey: Sure! Why not? [line_index=5]
- Melanie: Boy, somebody's gonna get a big fruit basket tomorrow. [line_index=6]

## Scene s01e24_sc26 | Joey's Bedroom
Description: Joey starts to kiss her.

- Melanie: Oooh, I gotta tell you... you are nothing like I thought you would be. [line_index=0]
- Joey: How do you mean? [line_index=1]
- Melanie: I don't know, I-I guess I just had you pegged as one of those guys who're always 'me, me, me.' But you... you're a giver. You're like the most generous man I ever met. I mean... you're practically a woman. [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e24_sc27 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel are there. Monica is holding the wrapping paper from one of Rachel's gifts.

- Monica: Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross . Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross . [line_index=1]
- Monica and Phoebe: Sure. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: I don't know, I mean, this is just my initial gut feeling... but I'm thinking... oh, I'm thinking it'd be really great. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Oh my God, me too! Oh! Oh, we'd be like friends-in-law! Y'know what the best part is? The best part is that you already know everything about him! I mean, it's like starting on the fifteenth date! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Yeah, but, y'know, it's... it would be like starting on the fifteenth date. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Another good point. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: No, I mean, I mean, when you're at the fifteenth date, y'know, you're already in a very relationshippy place. Y'know, it's... you're committed. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Huh? [line_index=8; emotions=confusion; stage=confused]
- Phoebe: Well, I mean, then what happens if it doesn't work out? [line_index=9]
- Monica: Why isn't it working out? [line_index=10]
- Rachel: I don't know... sometimes it doesn't. [line_index=11]
- Monica: Is he not cute enough for you? [line_index=12]
- Rachel: No! [line_index=13]
- Monica: Does he not make enough money? [line_index=14]
- Rachel: No, I'm just.... [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Maybe there's someone else. [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Wha... [line_index=17]
- Monica: Is there? Is there someone else? [line_index=18]
- Rachel: No! There is.. there is noone else! [line_index=19]
- Monica: Then why the hell are you dumping my brother?!? [line_index=20]

## Scene s01e24_sc28 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is eating breakfast, Joey quietly opens his bedroom door.

- Chandler: Hey, big... [line_index=0]
- Joey: Shhhh! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: ...spender. [line_index=2; stage=quietly]
- Joey: She's still asleep. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: So how'd it go? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Oh, it was amazing. You know how you always think you're great in bed? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me. [line_index=6]
- Joey: Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade! [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route. [line_index=8]
- Joey: It was amazing! And not just for her... uh-uh. For me, too. It's like, all of a sudden, I'm blind. But all my other senses are heightened, y'know? It's like... I was able to appreciate it on another level. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: I didn't know you had another level. [line_index=10]
- Joey: I know! Neither did I! [line_index=11]

## Scene s01e24_sc29 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, one week later. Monica is seated, Rachel comes out of her bedroom.

- Monica: Hey, great skirt! Birthday present? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Oh, from who? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: From you. I exchanged the blouse you got me. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Well, it's the thought. Hey, doesn't Ross's flight get in in a couple hours? At gate 27-B? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Uh, yeah. Uh, Monica, y'know, honey, I've been thinking about it and I've decided this—this whole Ross thing, it's just not a good idea. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Oh, why? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Because, I feel like I wouldn't just be going out with him. I would be going out with all of you. Oh, and there would just be all this pressure, and I don't wanna... [line_index=7]
- Monica: No, no, no, no, no, no pressure, no pressure! [line_index=8; stage=gets up]
- Rachel: Monica, nothing has even happened yet, and you're already so... [line_index=9]
- Monica: I am not 'so'! OK, I was a teensy bit weird at first, but... I'll be good. I promise. [line_index=10]

## Scene s01e24_sc30 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Door buzzer goes off. Rachel answers it.

- Rachel: Who is it? [line_index=0]
- Intercom: It's me, Carl. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: C'mon up. [line_index=2]
- Monica: Behind my brother's back? ... is exactly the kind of crazy thing you won't be hearing from me. [line_index=3; stage=Rachel glares at her]

## Scene s01e24_sc31 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is seated, and the apartment is filled with baskets of fruit. Joey enters, check in hand.

- Joey: Seven hundred bucks! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Alright, you did it! Do we have any fruit? [line_index=1]
- Joey: Man, hell of a two weeks, huh? Y'know what, though? I really feel like I learned something. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing? [line_index=3]
- Joey: What, are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back, does he walk around like this? [line_index=4; stage=Joey closes his eyes and walks around with arms spread.]

## Scene s01e24_sc32 | Monica and Rachel's Balcony
Description: Monica and Rachel's Balcony, Rachel is having drinks with her date, Carl.

- Carl: I'm just sayin', if I see one more picture of Ed Begley, Jr. in that stupid electric car, I'm gonna shoot myself! I mean, don't get me wrong... I'm not against environmental issues per se .... it's just that guy! [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e24_sc33 | Monica and Rachel's Balcony
Description: Rachel looks bored. At this point, Ross—a figment of Rachel's imagination— shows up on the balcony and starts talking to her.

- Ross: I can't believe you'd rather go out with him than me. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Would you excuse me, please? I'm trying to have a date here. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Fine, just stop thinking about me. [line_index=2]

## Scene s01e24_sc34 | Monica and Rachel's Balcony
Description: She tries, and Ross disappears momentarily. He reappears, standing closer to her.

- Ross: Can't do it, can you? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: So I'm thinking about you. So what? [line_index=1]
- Ross: I don't get it. What do you see in this guy, anyway? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Well... he happens to be a very nice... guy.... [line_index=3]
- Carl: I mean, come on, buddy, get a real car ! [line_index=4]
- Ross: Rachel, come on. Give us a chance. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Ross, it's too hard. [line_index=6]
- Ross: No, no, no... why, because it might get weird for everyone else? Who cares about them. This is about us. Look, I-I've been in love with you since, like, the ninth grade. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Ross, you're like my best friend. [line_index=8]
- Ross: I know. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: If we broke up, and I lost you... [line_index=10]
- Ross: Whoa, whoa, whoa. What makes you think we're gonna break up? [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Well, have you been involved with someone where you haven't broken up? [line_index=12]
- Ross: No. But... it only has to happen once . Look, you and I both know we are perfect for each other, right? I mean... so, the only question is... are you attracted to me? [line_index=13; stage=pause]
- Rachel: I don't know... I mean, I've never looked at you that way before. [line_index=14]
- Ross: Well, start looking. [line_index=15]

## Scene s01e24_sc35 | Monica and Rachel's Balcony
Description: They kiss. Ross walks away, and then fades out.

- Rachel: Wow. [line_index=0]
- Carl: Exactly! And you just know I'm gonna be the guy caught behind this hammerhead in traffic! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Right! You're right! [line_index=2]
- Carl: Heh... y'know? [line_index=3]
- Rachel: You know what? [line_index=4]
- Carl: What? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: I forgot... I am supposed to pick up a friend at the airport. I am so sorry! I'm so... if you want to stay, and finish your drinks, please do.... I mean—I'm sorry. I-I-I gotta go. I'm sorry. [line_index=6; stage=gives him her drink]

## Scene s01e24_sc36 | Rachel leaves
Description: Rachel leaves.

- Carl: But... [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e24_sc37 | Airport. Madonna's Take A Bow plays in the background as Rachel waits at the gate with flowers
Description: Airport. Madonna's Take A Bow plays in the background as Rachel waits at the gate with flowers.

- Rachel: Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me, excuse me, sorry. Hi. [line_index=0; stage=sifting through crowd]
- Man: For God's sake, will you let it go? There's no Rachel! [line_index=1]

## Scene s01e24_sc38 | Airport. Madonna's Take A Bow plays in the background as Rachel waits at the gate with flowers
Description: A Chinese woman getting off the plane drops one of her bags. Ross gets off next.

- Ross: Oh, hey, hey, I got that. [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e24_sc39 | Airport. Madonna's Take A Bow plays in the background as Rachel waits at the gate with flowers
Description: Ross picks up the bag... then he and the woman kiss.

- Julie: Oh, thanks, sweetie. [line_index=0]
- Ross: No problem. I cannot wait for you to meet my friends. [line_index=1]
- Julie: Really? [line_index=2]
- Ross: Yeah. [line_index=3]
- Julie: You don't think they'll judge and ridicule me? [line_index=4]
- Ross: No, no, they will. I just... uh... [line_index=5]
- Julie: Can't wait. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Come on, they're gonna love you. [line_index=7]
