---
episode_id: s01e16
title: The One With Two Parts, part 1
season: 1
episode: 16
---

# S01E16 The One With Two Parts, part 1

## Scene s01e16_sc01 | Unknown

- With Minot Adjustments by: Tennant Stuart [line_index=0]

## Scene s01e16_sc02 | Rift’s Restaurant
Description: Rift’s Restaurant, as seen in Mad About You , Joey and Chandler are there.


## Scene s01e16_sc03 | Rift’s Restaurant
Description: Ursula Buffay, Phoebe’s identical twin sister, is waiting on tables in her inimitable manner.


## Scene s01e16_sc04 | Rift’s Restaurant
Description: Ursula spins around looking puzzled, quite unable to tell where the sound is coming from.


## Scene s01e16_sc05 | Rift’s Restaurant
Description: Ursula notices Joey waving his hand, and comes over.


## Scene s01e16_sc06 | A wintry February day in New York City
Description: A wintry February day in New York City, snowplows are clearing the streets. Inside Central Perk, all three girls are paying court to Ross.


## Scene s01e16_sc07 | A wintry February day in New York City
Description: Outside in the street, Joey and Chandler arrive, to peer through the window at Phoebe, by bending down to look underneath the shop’s sign—a large steaming cup of coffee.


## Scene s01e16_sc08 | A wintry February day in New York City
Description: Joey and Chandler come indoors.


## Scene s01e16_sc09 | A wintry February day in New York City
Description: They hang up their coats and scarves, then approach their friends on the main sofa.


## Scene s01e16_sc10 | A wintry February day in New York City
Description: Rachel grins as Ross removes the girlie jacket, grabs his own, and rushes out.


## Scene s01e16_sc11 | The Lamaze class
Description: The Lamaze class, several couples and one trio sit on the floor, introducing themselves to the teacher, who’s got as far as a woman sitting next to Ross, Carol, and Susan.


## Scene s01e16_sc12 | The Lamaze class
Description: The teacher smiles, but her eyebrows go up. Susan and Carol pat each other affectionately.


## Scene s01e16_sc13 | : Chandler's Office
Description: : Chandler's Office, Chandler is working.


## Scene s01e16_sc14 | : Chandler's Office
Description: Helen’s buzzer is heard on the intercom, so Chandler presses his button, too.


## Scene s01e16_sc15 | : Chandler's Office
Description: He hurriedly checks his hair in his computer screen, before taking a sporting trophy from a drawer to place ostentatiously on his desk. An attractive young woman opens the door.


## Scene s01e16_sc16 | : Chandler's Office
Description: Nina beams flirtatiously at Chandler, who catches her drift, but for once he’s lost for something to say &ndash; so she nods her head to tell him that he’s thinking correctly...


## Scene s01e16_sc17 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Ross, Chandler, and the girls are dividing some Chinese takeout, while the sitcom Family Matters is playing on the TV.


## Scene s01e16_sc18 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Marcel scampers about, interfering with the neatness.


## Scene s01e16_sc19 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Marcel points the remote at Monica’s television, pressing a particular combination of keys. The logo SAP appears on the screen, and suddenly the dialogue is dubbed into Spanish.


## Scene s01e16_sc20 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Rachel slowly spins around, finally noticing that the lights have outstayed their welcome.


## Scene s01e16_sc21 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Joey enters, looking extremely pleased with himself.


## Scene s01e16_sc22 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: He happily gestures at Chandler that there was nothing to worry about, then exits. Rachel and Monica are concerned for poor Phoebe, who slides back down next to Ross.


## Scene s01e16_sc23 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: The sitcom begins with its familiar refrain, yet with a Latin lilt. Rachel and Monica do a little dance with their chopsticks, and Phoebe has to grin as Ross joins in the rhythm.


## Scene s01e16_sc24 | Lamaze class. Susan is there. Each couple has a doll
Description: Lamaze class. Susan is there. Each couple has a doll, for they have just finished learning how to change a diaper. As Ross rushes in, stepping on the Rostins’ pretend baby, squashing its head flat. It bleats, in protest. He performs emergency surgery, then hands the doll back to J.C.


## Scene s01e16_sc25 | Lamaze class. Susan is there. Each couple has a doll
Description: Ross and Susan each gesture for the other to lie down.


## Scene s01e16_sc26 | Lamaze class. Susan is there. Each couple has a doll
Description: Ross gets down like all the other mothers, cradled in Susan’s lap like all the other fathers.


## Scene s01e16_sc27 | Lamaze class. Susan is there. Each couple has a doll
Description: Forgetting herself, Susan does the "Mommy" action with Ross.


## Scene s01e16_sc28 | Lamaze class. Susan is there. Each couple has a doll
Description: Ross comes out of character to glare into the distance.


## Scene s01e16_sc29 | Chandler's Office. Chandler is playing with a toy as his boss Mr. Douglas knocks and opens the door
Description: Chandler's Office. Chandler is playing with a toy as his boss Mr. Douglas knocks and opens the door.


## Scene s01e16_sc30 | Chandler's Office
Description: Chandler's Office, later that day, Nina is in his office.


## Scene s01e16_sc31 | Chandler's Office
Description: She sympathetically reaches out to fondle the inner thigh of his left leg.


## Scene s01e16_sc32 | Chandler's Office
Description: Nina gasps in surprise and relief.


## Scene s01e16_sc33 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Rachel is at the counter, serving coffee to Phoebe.


## Scene s01e16_sc34 | Central Perk
Description: Jamie Buchman and Fran Devanow enter the coffee house. They look about them as Jamie removes her coat and scarf.


## Scene s01e16_sc35 | Central Perk
Description: Jamie notices Phoebe sitting at the counter.


## Scene s01e16_sc36 | Central Perk
Description: Phoebe walks by, ignoring the two strangers.


## Scene s01e16_sc37 | Central Perk
Description: Phoebe turns away so that the two weird women won’t see the face she pulls, and sits down.


## Scene s01e16_sc38 | Monica and Rachel’s
Description: Monica and Rachel’s, Phoebe is watching a Spanish version of The Waltons. At a nearby table sit Monica knitting, Rachel winding a ball of wool, and Chandler supplying them both from a skein which is spread between his hands.


## Scene s01e16_sc39 | Monica and Rachel’s
Description: Phoebe uses the remote to stop the Spanish by turning off the television.


## Scene s01e16_sc40 | Monica and Rachel’s
Description: Joey lets himself in, carrying a large paper shopping bag.


## Scene s01e16_sc41 | Monica and Rachel’s
Description: There is a loud knocking at the door through which Joey has just entered.


## Scene s01e16_sc42 | Monica and Rachel’s
Description: She rises, dragging Chandler along by the wool. Rachel has to leap over a chair to follow them. Monica opens the door to find Mr. Heckles standing there.


## Scene s01e16_sc43 | Monica and Rachel’s
Description: The wool-bound trio returns to the table. Rachel has to rush ahead to avoid becoming tangled. Joey brings the shopping bag over to Phoebe, and takes out a nice cardigan.


## Scene s01e16_sc44 | Monica and Rachel’s
Description: The others have been taking all this in.


## Scene s01e16_sc45 | Monica and Rachel’s
Description: The circle freezes in apprehension.


## Scene s01e16_sc46 | Monica and Rachel’s
Description: An embarrassed silence... finally broken by


## Scene s01e16_sc47 | Monica and Rachel’s
Description: Monica frantically bursts into action as Rachel resumes winding, tangling Chandler’s wool.


## Scene s01e16_sc48 | Chandler's Office
Description: Chandler's Office, Chandler & Nina are locked in a passionate embrace. Someone knocks, so they hurriedly separate to stare out of the window. Chandler’s boss opens the door.


## Scene s01e16_sc49 | Chandler's Office
Description: She escapes, fortunately so distracting Mr. Douglas, that he misses Chandler’s expression of alarm & guilt.


## Scene s01e16_sc50 | Chandler's Office
Description: Thinking quickly, Chandler desperately tries to remember anything to do with schizophrenia....


## Scene s01e16_sc51 | Chandler's Office
Description: Mr. Douglas screws up his eyes, trying to credit what Bing has just said, but turning to follow Nina down the corridor, he realises Bing must be telling the truth, since he would not have any personal interest in the girl, would he?


## Scene s01e16_sc52 | Lamaze class
Description: Lamaze class, Ross is again on the floor, cradled in Susan’s lap, but now Carol is cradled in his lap, and she has a pretend baby, on her lap. The teacher is showing her class a video, which is about to end.


## Scene s01e16_sc53 | Lamaze class
Description: People start getting up. Ross grabs Carol’s doll to hold it upside down like a football, slapping it with his other hand.


## Scene s01e16_sc54 | Lamaze class
Description: Susan just glares back, as Ross’s inappropriate joke falls flat. Meanwhile, a bubble is about to burst...


## Scene s01e16_sc55 | Lamaze class
Description: Both women gulp in air. Ross looks at his "football," then manipulates the head & limbs back into place, until it resembles what it represents.


## Scene s01e16_sc56 | Lamaze class
Description: Ross is staring blankly into space.


## Scene s01e16_sc57 | 13: Central Perk
Description: 13: Central Perk, the gang is gathered around Monica comforting her brother, who in a slight state of shock is cuddling a cushion for security.


## Scene s01e16_sc58 | 13: Central Perk
Description: Joey tires of this, so he gets up to leave.


## Scene s01e16_sc59 | Joey nods his head
Description: Joey nods his head.


## Scene s01e16_sc60 | Joey nods his head
Description: Joey walks toward the door, then hesitates and turns back.


## Scene s01e16_sc61 | Joey nods his head
Description: Phoebe buttons her lip, while the rest of the gang pretend they’re not there.


## Scene s01e16_sc62 | Chandler's Office
Description: Chandler's Office, Chandler is working as Nina knocks, then opens the door.


## Scene s01e16_sc63 | Chandler's Office
Description: Nina puts her hands on her hips, then gives Chandler a quizzical look.


## Scene s01e16_sc64 | Monica and Rachel’s
Description: Monica and Rachel’s, Ross, Rachel, Chandler, and Phoebe are sharing a bowl of popcorn, while Monica carefully reads the instruction manual for her television set.


## Scene s01e16_sc65 | Monica and Rachel’s
Description: Monica points the remote at her TV, and punches out a key combination from the book, but the dreaded SAP logo remains and Spanish still comes forth.


## Scene s01e16_sc66 | Monica and Rachel’s
Description: Monica and Ross indicate that they mean right now.


## Scene s01e16_sc67 | Monica and Rachel’s
Description: Phoebe gets up and walks across the hallway, but the door to Chandler and Joey’s apartment is shut. She knocks, and anxiously waits for Joey to come, but instead her identical twin sister emerges wearing one of Joey’s shirts.


## Scene s01e16_sc68 | Monica and Rachel’s
Description: Phoebe reels back in shock, while Ursula defiantly leans against the doorpost as though she owns the place.


## Scene s01e16_sc69 | Monica and Rachel's Balcony
Description: Monica and Rachel's Balcony, Rachel is taking down the Christmas lights. Monica sees her, so she leans out of the small side window.


## Scene s01e16_sc70 | Monica and Rachel's Balcony
Description: Rachel slips, loses her balance, and falls over the edge..


## Scene s01e16_sc71 | Monica and Rachel's Balcony
Description: In the apartment below, Mr.Heckles is trying to relax and read his newspaper, but Rachel is helplessly dangling upside-down with her ankle wrapped up in the Christmas lights.
