---
episode_id: s02e02
title: The One With the Breast Milk
season: 2
episode: 2
---

# S02E02 The One With the Breast Milk

## Scene s02e02_sc01 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Carol and Susan are showing off Ben to the gang.

- Monica: Ok, these were unbelievably expensive, and I know he's gonna grow out of them in like, 20 minutes, but I couldn't resist. [line_index=0; stage=entering from her bedroom carrying a present There a little pair of Nike shoes.]
- Phoebe: Oh, look at these! Hey, Ben. Just do it. Oh my God, oh, ok, was that too much pressure for him? [line_index=1; stage=Ben starts to cry]
- Susan: Oh, is he hungry already? [line_index=2]
- Carol: I guess so. [line_index=3; stage=Carol starts to breast feed Ben.]
- Chandler: You know, it's... something funny about sneakers. I'll be right back. [line_index=4; stage=sees the feeding taking place next to him Goes into the kitchen]
- Joey: I gotta get one, too. [line_index=5; stage=joins him]
- Ross: What are you guys doing? [line_index=6; stage=following them into the kitchen]
- Chandler: We're just hanging out by the spoons. Ladle? [line_index=7]
- Ross: Look, would you guys grow up? That is the most natural beautiful thing in the world. [line_index=8]
- Joey: Yeah, we know, but there's a baby suckin' on it. [line_index=9]
- Ross: This is my son having lunch, ok? It's gonna happen a lot, so you'd better get used to it. Now if you have any problem with it, if you're uncomfortable, just ask questions. Carol's fine with it, now come on. [line_index=10]

## Scene s02e02_sc02 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: They go back into the living room

- Ross: Carol? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Carol? I was just wondering if Joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding? [line_index=1]
- Carol: Sure. [line_index=2]
- Joey: Uh, does it hurt? [line_index=3]
- Carol: It did at first, but not anymore. [line_index=4]
- Joey: Chandler? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: So, uh, how often can you do it? [line_index=6]
- Carol: As much as he needs. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Ok, I got one, I got one. Uh, if he blows into one, does the other one get bigger? [line_index=8]

## Scene s02e02_sc03 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, the gang is all there.

- Julie: Rachel, do you have any muffins left? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Yeah, I forget which ones. [line_index=1]
- Julie: Oh, you're busy, that's ok, I'll get it. Anybody else want one? [line_index=2]
- All: No thanks. [line_index=3]
- Julie: Oh, you're losin' your apron here, let me get it. There you go. [line_index=4; stage=To Rachel Ties it back up for her]
- Rachel: Thank you. What a bitch. [line_index=5; stage=to Julie under her breath to Chandler]
- Julie: Oh, listen you guys. I have this friend at Bloomingdale's who's quitting tomorrow and he wants to abuse his discount. So, anyone want to come with me and take advantage of it? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: I can't, I have to take my grandmother to the vet. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Ok, um, I'll go with you. [line_index=8]
- Julie: Great. [line_index=9]
- Ross: Hi, honey. [line_index=10; stage=enters]
- Chandler: Hey, sweetums. [line_index=11]
- Ross: Hello to the rest. [line_index=12]
- All: Hi! [line_index=13]
- Joey: Monica what're you doin'? You can't go shopping with her? What about Rachel? [line_index=14]
- Monica: It's gonna be a problem, isn't it? [line_index=15]
- Chandler: Come on, you're going to Bloomingdale's with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship. [line_index=16]
- Monica: But I'm... [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: Monica, she will kill you. She will kill you like a dog in the street. [line_index=18]
- Ross: So, uh, Jules tells me you guys are going shopping tomorrow? [line_index=19; stage=to Monica]
- Monica: Yeah, uh, it's actually not that big a deal. [line_index=20]
- Ross: It's a big deal to me. This is great, Monica. I really appreciate this. [line_index=21]
- Monica: You're welcome. [line_index=22]
- Phoebe: Woof, woof. [line_index=23]

## Scene s02e02_sc04 | A Department Store
Description: A Department Store, Joey is selling men's cologne.

- Joey: Bijan for men? Bijan for men? Bijan for men? Hey Annabelle. [line_index=0; stage=A guy walks by Another guy walks by Another guy walks by An attractive woman walks by.]
- Annabelle: Hey, Joey. So did you hear about the new guy? [line_index=1]
- Joey: Who? [line_index=2]
- Annabelle: Nobody knows his name. Me and the girls just call him the Hombre man. [line_index=3]

## Scene s02e02_sc05 | The Hombre man enters
Description: The Hombre man enters.

- Hombre Man: Hombre? [line_index=0; stage=to a customer The guy says yes, and gets his sample.]
- Joey: What's he doin' in my section? [line_index=1]
- Annabelle: I guess he doesn't know. [line_index=2]
- Joey: Well, he's gonna. I'll see you a little later, ok? Hey, how ya doin'? [line_index=3; stage=To the Hombre Man]
- Hombre Man: Mornin'. [line_index=4]
- Joey: Listen, I know you're new, but it's kinda understood that everything from Young Men's to the escalator is my territory. [line_index=5]
- Hombre Man: Your territory, huh? [line_index=6]
- Joey: Yeah. Bijan for men? [line_index=7]
- Guy: No thanks. [line_index=8]
- Hombre Man: Hombre? [line_index=9]
- Guy: Yeah. All right. [line_index=10; stage=They guy gets his sample and leaves.]
- Hombre Man: You were saying? [line_index=11; stage=To Joey]

## Scene s02e02_sc06 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe is there as Monica enters.

- Monica: Phoebe, listen. You were with me, and we were shopping all day. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: What? [line_index=1]
- Monica: We were shopping, and we had lunch. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Oh, all right. What did I have? [line_index=3]
- Monica: You had a salad. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Oh, no wonder I don't feel full. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Hey, guys, what's up. [line_index=6; stage=entering]
- Phoebe: I went shopping with Monica all day, and I had a salad. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Good, Pheebs. What'd you buy? [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Um, we went shopping for um, for, fur. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: You went shopping for fur? [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Yes, and then I realized I'm against that, and uh, so then we bought some, uh, boobs. [line_index=11; stage=sees Monica pointing at her chest]
- Rachel: You bought boobs? [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Bras! We bought bras! We bought bras. [line_index=13; stage=Monica is yanking on her bra strap]

## Scene s02e02_sc07 | The Department Store
Description: The Department Store, Joey is trying to sell some cologne.

- Joey: Bijan for men? Bijan for men? Bijan for... Hey, Annabelle, Uh, listen, I was wondering if maybe after work you and I could go maybe grab a cup of coffee. [line_index=0; stage=to a guy to a guy To a woman Sees it's a woman and stops. To Annabelle who walks up.]
- Annabelle: Oh, actually I sorta have plans. [line_index=1]
- Hombre Man: Ready, Annabelle? [line_index=2; stage=entering]
- Annabelle: You bet. Maybe some other time? [line_index=3; stage=to Joey]
- Joey: Hey, it's not the first time I lost a girl to a cowboy spraying cologne. Bijan for men? Bijan for men?! [line_index=4; stage=To a co-worker A customer walks by. The customer ignores him, and Joey starts to chase him]

## Scene s02e02_sc08 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Carol is dropping Ben off for Ross to watch.

- Carol: Ok, and this is Funny Clown. Funny Clown is only for after his naps, not before his naps or he won't sleep. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Carol, we've been through this before, ok? We have a good time. We laugh, we play. It's like we're father and son. [line_index=1]
- Susan: Honey, relax. Ross is great with him. Don't look so surprised. I'm a lovely person. [line_index=2; stage=Ross looks at her.]
- Rachel: Oh, this is so cute. [line_index=3]
- Susan: Oh, I got that for him. [line_index=4]
- Ross: My mommies love me. That's clever. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Hello? Oh, Hi, Ju——Hi, Jew! Uh huh? Uh huh? Ok. Um, sure, that'd be great. See ya then. Bye. [line_index=6; stage=Sees Rachel is watching Walks into the kitchen. Listens. Listens. Listens Listens Hangs up.]
- Rachel: Did you just say Hi, Jew? [line_index=7]
- Monica: Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith. [line_index=8]

## Scene s02e02_sc09 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler, Rachel, and Joey are eating, and Phoebe is preparing Ben's milk.

- Phoebe: Ben, dinner! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Thanks Aunt Pheebs. Hey, you didn't microwave that, did you, because it's breast milk, and you're not supposed to do that. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Duh, I think I know how to heat breast milk. Ok. [line_index=2; stage=Squirts some on her wrist and tastes it.]
- Chandler: What did you just do? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: I licked my arm, what? [line_index=4]
- Ross: It's breast milk. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: So? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Phoebe, that is juice, squeezed from a person. [line_index=7]
- Joey: What is the big deal? [line_index=8; stage=Tastes the breast milk.]
- Chandler: What did you just do? [line_index=9]
- Ross: Ok, would people stop drinking the breast milk? [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: You won't even taste it? [line_index=11]
- Ross: No! [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Not even if you just pretend that it's milk? [line_index=13]
- Ross: Not even if Carol's breast had a picture of a missing child on it. [line_index=14]

## Scene s02e02_sc10 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, time lapse. Rachel is entering the living room from her bedroom as Monica enters.

- Monica: Hey, where is everybody? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: They took Ben to the park. Where've you been? [line_index=1]
- Monica: Just out. Had some lunch, just me, little quality time with me. Thanks for your jacket. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh, no problem. You can borrow it, by the way. Here are your keys, hon. [line_index=3; stage=Puts her hand in the pocket She takes the keys out, sets them on the counter, and notices she also grabbed a receipt.]
- Monica: Okay. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Mon, if uh you were at lunch alone, how come it cost you uh 53 dollars? [line_index=5]
- Monica: You know what probably happened? Someone musta stolen my credit card. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: And sorta just put the receipt back in your pocket? [line_index=7]
- Monica: That is an excellent excellent question. That is excellent. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Monica, what is with you? Who'd you have lunch with? [line_index=9]
- Monica: Judy. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Who? [line_index=11]
- Monica: Julie. [line_index=12]
- Rachel: What?! [line_index=13]
- Monica: Jody! [line_index=14]
- Rachel: You were with Julie? [line_index=15]
- Monica: Look, when it started I was just trying to be nice to her because she was my brother's girlfriend. And then, one thing led to another and, before I knew it, we were...shopping. [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Oh. Oh my God. [line_index=17]
- Monica: Honey, wait. We only did it once. It didn't mean anything to me. [line_index=18]
- Rachel: Yeah, right. Sure! [line_index=19]
- Monica: Really, Rachel, I was thinking of you the whole time. Look, I'm sorry, all right. I never meant for you to find out! [line_index=20]
- Rachel: Oh, please, you wanted to get caught. [line_index=21; stage=Waves the receipt]
- Monica: That is not true! [line_index=22]
- Rachel: Oh, so you just sort of happened to leave it in here? [line_index=23]
- Monica: Did it ever occur to you that I might just be that stupid? [line_index=24]
- Rachel: Ok, Monica. I just have to know one thing. Did you go with her to Bloomingdale's ? Oh! Ok, ok, ok, I just really, uh, I just really need to not be with you right now. [line_index=25; stage=Monica looks away. Exits.]

## Scene s02e02_sc11 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Ben is playing in his crib while Chandler and Ross are leaning against the rim and are completely asleep.

- Monica: Hi, who's this? Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. Joanne, it's not as simple as all that, ok? No, I don't care what Steve thinks. Hi, Steve. [line_index=0; stage=on the phone Listens Listens Listens Listens Listens]

## Scene s02e02_sc12 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: There's a knock on the door which is answered by Phoebe.

- Carol and Susan: Hey! [line_index=0; stage=This wakes Chandler and Ross up]
- Carol: How did we do? [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Oh, I tasted Ben's milk, and Ross freaked out. [line_index=2]
- Ross: I did not freak out. [line_index=3]
- Carol: Why'd you freak out? [line_index=4]
- Ross: Because it's breast milk. It's gross. [line_index=5]
- Carol: My breast milk is gross? [line_index=6]
- Susan: This should be fun. [line_index=7]
- Ross: No, no, Carol. There's nothing wrong with it. I just, I just don't think breast milk is for adults. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike. [line_index=9]
- Carol: Ross, you're being silly. I've tried it, it's no big deal. Just taste it. [line_index=10]

## Scene s02e02_sc13 | Holding out a bottle
Description: Holding out a bottle.

- Ross: That would be no. [line_index=0; stage=jumping away]
- Phoebe: Come on. It doesn't taste bad. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Yeah, it's kinda sweet, sorta like, uh... [line_index=2]
- Susan: Cantaloupe juice. [line_index=3]
- Joey: Exactly. [line_index=4]
- Ross: You've tasted it? You've tasted it. [line_index=5; stage=staring at Susan]
- Susan: Uh huh. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Oh, you've tasted it. [line_index=7]
- Susan: You can keep saying it, but it won't stop being true. [line_index=8]
- Ross: Gimme the bottle. Gimme the towel. [line_index=9; stage=he rolls up his sleeve Joey hands him the bottle and Ross squirts some on his arm. Joey gives him the towel and he wipes it off.]

## Scene s02e02_sc14 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is wiping down the peninsula counter as Joey enters dressed like a cowboy.

- Chandler: Howdy. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Gimme a box a juice. Well, they switched me over to Hombre. [line_index=1; stage=sitting on the otherside of the counter from Chandler]
- Chandler: Well, maybe it's because of the way you're dressed. [line_index=2]
- Joey: Or maybe it's because this guy's doing so good they wanna put more people on it. You should see this guy, Chandler, he goes through two bottles a day. [line_index=3; stage=Chandler pours some juice in a glass.]
- Chandler: What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you. [line_index=4; stage=slides the juice across the counter which Joey catches]
- Joey: I know, but, I was the best, you know? I liked being the best. I don't know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese. [line_index=5; stage=He downs the glass of juice in one swig.]
- Chandler: All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run? [line_index=6; stage=pours more and slides the refill to Joey]
- Joey: Yeah I guess you're right. [line_index=7]
- Chandler: You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie. [line_index=8]
- Joey: I'm gonna do it. [line_index=9; stage=He downs the juice in one swig again.]
- Chandler: All right. Now go see Miss Kitty and she'll fix you up with a nice hooker. [line_index=10]

## Scene s02e02_sc15 | Outside Central Perk
Description: Outside Central Perk, Rachel is cleaning up and Monica is pleading with her.

- Monica: I don't know what else to say. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Well that works out good, because I'm not listening. [line_index=1]
- Monica: I feel terrible, I really do. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh, I'm sorry, did my back hurt your knife? [line_index=3]
- Monica: Rachel, say that I'm friends with her, we spend some time together. Is that so terrible? [line_index=4; stage=they go back inside]
- Rachel: Yes. [line_index=5]
- Monica: It's that terrible? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Yes. Monica, you don't get it. It's bad enough that she's stolen the guy who might actually be the person that I am supposed to be with, but now, she's actually , but now she's actually stealing you. [line_index=7; stage=starting to cry]
- Monica: Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you. [line_index=8; stage=starting to cry]
- Rachel: I love you too. [line_index=9; stage=They hug.]
- Phoebe: You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. Oh, I really needed that. [line_index=10; stage=Joins in on the hug. Goes and sits down.]
- Monica: Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me? [line_index=11]
- Rachel: I'd do anything for you, you know that. [line_index=12; emotions=sadness; stage=crying]
- Monica: I'd do anything for you. [line_index=13; emotions=sadness; stage=crying They hug again.]
- Phoebe: Wait, wait, wait, wait! [line_index=14; stage=Runs over and joins in on the hug again.]

## Scene s02e02_sc16 | The Department Store
Description: The Department Store, Joey and the Hombre man are facing off in Joey's section.

- Joey: Mornin'. I said, mornin'. [line_index=0; stage=The Hombre man ignores him]
- Hombre Man: I heard ya. [line_index=1]
- Store Guy: All right, everybody, I'm openin' the doors. You boys ready? [line_index=2]
- Hombre Man: Ready. [line_index=3]
- Joey: Yeah, I'm ready. [line_index=4]

## Scene s02e02_sc17 | The Department Store
Description: An old West style showdown starts with Joey and the Hombre Man staring each other down as the store guy slowly lets in the first customer while Joey and the Hombre Man get ready to draw. In slow motion they spot the customer, eye each other, draw, and as the customer walks into the middle Joey's bottle misfires but the Hombre Man spays it into the customer's eyes.

- Customer: You idiot, you stupid cowboy, you blinded me, I'm suing! [line_index=0]
- Store Guy: Oh my god, Todd! What the hell did you do? [line_index=1]
- Hombre Man: I'm sorry. I am such a doofus. I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry. [line_index=2]
- Annabelle: My god, what happened? [line_index=3; stage=seeing the end result]
- Joey: These new kids, they never last. Sooner or later, they all...stop lastin'. Listen, uh, what do you say I buy you that cup of coffee now? [line_index=4]
- Annabelle: Sure. [line_index=5]

## Scene s02e02_sc18 | The Department Store
Description: They walk off into the sunset, at least a picture of one.


## Scene s02e02_sc19 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Julie and Rachel are sitting on the couch.

- Julie: So. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: So. I just thought the two of us should hang out for a bit. I mean, you know, we've never really talked. I guess you'd know that, being one of the two of us, though, right? [line_index=1]
- Julie: I know, I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but I'm pretty much totally intimidated by you. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Really? Me? [line_index=3]
- Julie: Yes. Oh my god, are you kidding? Ross is so crazy about you, and I really wanted you to like me, and, it's probably me being totally paranoid, but I kinda got the feeling that maybe you don't. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Well, you're not totally paranoid. [line_index=5]
- Julie: Oy. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right. [line_index=7]
- Julie: Thanks. Hey, listen, would you like to go to a movie sometime or something? [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Yeah, that'd be great. I'd love it. [line_index=9]
- Julie: I'd love it too. Shoot, I gotta go. So, I'll talk to you later. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: All right, Julie. [line_index=11]
- Julie: Bye. [line_index=12; stage=Gets up.]
- Rachel: Bye. What a manipulative bitch. [line_index=13; stage=After Julie exits.]

## Scene s02e02_sc20 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, another showdown is occuring, only this time its between Ross, a plate of cookies, and the breast milk. They've been eyeing each other for a while now, and Chandler and Joey are getting bored. He checks his Ross and in frustration, shoves his watch in front of Ross's eyes as if saying, "Hurry it up already!" Finally, Ross scratches his head, does that again, itches his nose, scratches his head, grabs the bottle, takes a big swig, and piles several cookies into his mouth.

- Ross: That's not bad. [line_index=0; stage=with a mouthful]
