---
episode_id: s03e04
title: The One With The Metaphorical Tunnel
season: 3
episode: 4
---

# S03E04 The One With The Metaphorical Tunnel

## Scene s03e04_sc01 | Monica and Rachel's: everyone is there and they are watching an info-mercial that stars Joey
Description: Monica and Rachel's: everyone is there and they are watching an info-mercial that stars Joey.

- Host: Welcome everybody, welcome to Amazing Discoveries! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh, oh! It's on again! [line_index=1]
- Joey: You guys, can we please not watch this all right. [line_index=2]
- All: Shhhh! [line_index=3]
- Host: Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk, and these darn cartons are so flingin'-flangin' hard to open. [line_index=4; stage=Joey is in the background struggling to open a cartoon of milk]
- Joey: Oh, you said it Mike. Aw! There's got to be a better way! [line_index=5; stage=on tv rips open the carton and spills milk on the counter]
- Mike: And there is Kevin. [line_index=6]
- Joey: Can we please turn this off? [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Noo way, Kevin. [line_index=8]
- Mike: There is a revolutionary new product that guarantees that you'll never have to open up milk cartons again. Meet the Milk Master 2000. [line_index=9]
- Ross: Are you intrigued? [line_index=10; stage=to Chandler]
- Chandler: You're flingin'-flangin' right I am! [line_index=11]
- Mike: Keep in mind, he's never used this product before, you're gonna see how easy this is to do. Go ahead. This works with any milk carton. [line_index=12; stage=to Kevin 'Kevin' starts using the product, it is a spout that you jab into a paper milk carton so that you don't have to rip it open.]
- Joey: Wow, it is easy. Now, I can have milk everyday. [line_index=13; stage=on TV, finishing installing the Milk Master 2000 starts to poor the milk]

## Scene s03e04_sc02 | Monica and Rachel's: everyone is there and they are watching an info-mercial that stars Joey
Description: They all start laughing at him


## Scene s03e04_sc03 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Chandler, Monica, Janice are sitting on the couch, and Phoebe is sitting next to them in the chair.

- Chandler: Well, it's official there are no good movies. [line_index=0]
- Janice: Well, let's go to a bad one and make out. [line_index=1; stage=they start to kiss and lean back into Monica.]
- Monica: Perhaps, you would like me to turn like this, so that you can bunny bump against my back. [line_index=2; stage=turns sideways on the couch]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=3; stage=entering]
- Phoebe: Hey. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Hey, man. What's up? [line_index=5]
- Joey: Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition I didn't know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Well, I'll tell ya I do enjoy guilt, but, ah, it wasn't me. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Yes, it was! It was him! Uh huh! Okay, it was me! [line_index=8; stage=they all stare at her]
- Joey: How is it you? [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Well, it was just, it was all so crazy, you know. I mean, Chandler was in the closet, counting to 10, and he was up to 7 and I hadn't found a place to hide yet. I-I-I meant to tell you, and I wrote it all down on my hand. See, all of it. [line_index=10; stage=shows him her hand]
- Joey: Yep, that's my audition. [line_index=11]
- Monica: See, now this is why I keep notepads everywhere. [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Yep, and that's why we don't invite you to play. [line_index=13]
- Janice: What is the great tragedy here? You go get yourself another appointment. [line_index=14]
- Joey: Well, Estelle tried, you know. The casting director told her that I missed my chance. [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: That is unfair. I'll call her and tell her it was totally my fault. [line_index=16]
- Joey: Pheebs, you can't do that. The casting director doesn't talk to friends, she only talks to agents. [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: What a sad little life she must lead. Okay, ooh . [line_index=18; stage=starts dialing]
- Joey: What, what are you doing? What are you doing? [line_index=19]
- Phoebe: No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh. 'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann there for Phoebe, she'll know what it's about.' [line_index=20; stage=on the phone in a different voice]
- Joey: Hang up, hang up. [line_index=21; stage=reaches with his good arm, but Phoebe grabs it and he tries to reach the phone with his other arm but can't because of the sling.]
- Phoebe: 'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did you speak to in my office? Estelle, no, I don't know what I'm going to do with her. No. All right, so your husband leaves and burns down the apartment, the world does not stop.' [line_index=22; stage=on phone]
- Chandler: Is anybody else scared? [line_index=23]
- Phoebe: 'Right, well look, um, if Joey loses this audition, that is it for Estelle. I don't care! Annie you are a doll, what time can you see him?' I need a pen. [line_index=24; stage=on phone to Monica Chandler hands her one, but she needs something to right on, so she tilts Chandler's head over and writes on the back of his neck]
- Chandler: Get the woman a pad! Get the woman a pad! A pad! A pad! [line_index=25]
- Monica: Oh, now you want a pad. [line_index=26]

## Scene s03e04_sc04 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Carol and Susan are dropping off Ben

- Susan: Hey!! [line_index=0; stage=entering]
- Ross: There's my boy! Here's my boy! And here's his Barbi What's ah, what's my boy doing with a Barbi ? [line_index=1; stage=Ben is holding a Barbi doll]
- Carol: He picked it out of the toy store himself, he loves it. [line_index=2]
- Susan: He carries it everywhere, it's like a security blanket, but with ski boots and a kicky beret. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again? [line_index=4]
- Susan: So he's got a doll? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business. [line_index=5]
- Carol: This doesn't have anything to do with the fact that he is being raised by two women, does it? [line_index=6]
- Ross: You know what it's fine. If you're okay with the Barbi thing, so am I. [line_index=7]

## Scene s03e04_sc05 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: cut to later in the day

- Ross: Give daddy the Barbi ! Ben, give, give me the Barbi . Okay, how 'bout, don't you want to play with the monster truck? No. Okay, oh, oh, how about a Dino-soilder? [line_index=0; stage=makes a monster truck sound squawks like a dinosaur]
- Rachel: Ross, you are so pathetic. Why can't your son just play with his doll? [line_index=1]

## Scene s03e04_sc06 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: uses the Milk Master 2000 to pour milk into her cereal

- Monica: I gotta go to work. Has anybody seen my left boob? [line_index=0; stage=entering from her bedroom]
- Joey: I love that movie. [line_index=1; stage=Joey is using it as a pillow]
- Monica: There it is. Joey, what are you doing? [line_index=2]
- Joey: I'm sorry, it just felt nice. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Joe. Joe! Answer the phone. [line_index=4; stage=entering with his ringing phone]
- Joey: Hey, I only got one good arm, you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight. [line_index=6; stage=phone stops ringing]
- Rachel: What's the big deal? Why don't you wanna see Janice? [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and took my tomatoes. [line_index=8]
- Ross: And that's bad because..., you hate chicken piccata? [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Noo. [line_index=10]
- Ross: You didn't want to share your tomatoes, tomatoes are very important to you. [line_index=11]
- Chandler: No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm [line_index=12]
- started going off in my head: 'Run for your life! Get out of the building!' [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Men are unbelievable. [line_index=14]
- Monica: What is it with you people! I mean, the minute you start to feel something, you have to run away? [line_index=15]
- Chandler: I know, that, that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid. [line_index=16; stage=looks at her fake chest, and loses his train of thought, temporarily]
- Monica: Oh, you mean like that guy thing where you act mean and distant until you get us to break up with you. [line_index=17]
- Joey: Hey, you know about that?! [line_index=18]
- Chandler: Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna go through the tunnel, to the other side! [line_index=19]

## Scene s03e04_sc07 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Joey looks quizzically at Ross

- Ross: Where there is no fear of commitment. [line_index=0; stage=to Joey]
- Chandler: Do we have any... Do we have any thoughts here? [line_index=1; stage=turns around and bumps Monica's fake chest]
- Joey: Well, I've never been through the tunnel myself, 'cause as I understand it, you're not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car, right. But, it seems to me it's pretty much like anything else, you know, face your fear. It have a fear of heights, you go to the top of the building! If you're afraid of bugs.....get a bug. Right. In this case, you have a fear of commitment, so I say you go in there and be the most committed guy there ever was. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Amazingly, that makes sense. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: You think? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind! [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way. [line_index=6]

## Scene s03e04_sc08 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe's beeper is going off

- Phoebe: Oh, it's your audition from this morning. Can I use the phone again? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Sure Pheebs, you know, that's what it's there for, emergencies and pretend agents. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Come on baby, come on! [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: 'Hi, I have Phoebe Buffay returning a page. Okay, well, um, she's in her car I'll have to patch you through.' [line_index=3; stage=on phone, in 'Katelynn's' voice]
- Rachel: Very nice touch. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: 'Okay, go ahead.' Um, hi Annie. Fantastic! You got it. Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' you ask me. Well, I don't know about that, except that I do and he will. Great, oh you are such a sweetheart. I would love to have lunch with you, how about we have lunch next.... Op, went through a tunnel. [line_index=5; stage=in voice, on phone in normal voice on phone listens to Joey on phone Joey clears his throat to signify yes hangs up phone]
- Rachel: Unbelievable. [line_index=6]
- Joey: Thank you so much. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: It was really fun, I mean I've never talked on a car phone before. [line_index=8]
- Joey: You were amazing, could you just do me this huge favor, you see there's this one other audition that I really, really want, and Estelle couldn't get me in. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Oh, I don't know. I mean it was fun one time. [line_index=10]
- Joey: Come on, please, it'll be just this one more, well actually it's two. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Two? [line_index=12]
- Joey: Yeah! Well, well really it's three. Please. You're so good at it. I love you. [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: Okay, I'll do it, but just these three, right [line_index=14]
- Joey: Nooo, four. [line_index=15]

## Scene s03e04_sc09 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler and Janice are having dinner

- Janice: So, how come you wanted to eat in tonight? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: 'Cause, I wanted to uh, give you this. [line_index=1; stage=hands her a present]
- Janice: Ohhh, are you a puppy! Contact paper! I never really know what to say when someone you're sleeping with gives you contact paper. [line_index=2; stage=opens it]
- Chandler: Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser. [line_index=3; stage=gives her a drawer]
- Janice: Oh, you didn't have to do this. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get. [line_index=5]
- Janice: Well, I gotta buy a vowel. Because, oh my Gawd! Who, would've thought that someday, Chandler Bing would buy me a drawer. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip. [line_index=7]
- Janice: We should? [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents! [line_index=9]
- Janice: I don't think we need to, because you're tripping me out right now! Are you okay? [line_index=10; stage=laughs]
- Chandler: I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay. [line_index=11]
- Janice: You probably want us to move in together? [line_index=12]
- Chandler: It doesn't scare me! [line_index=13]
- Janice: Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me over here for pasta, and all of the sudden you're talking about moving in together. And, and I wasn't even that hungry. You know what, it's getting a little late, and I-I should just, um... [line_index=14; stage=starts to leave]
- Chandler: Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street. [line_index=15; stage=Janice leaves, Chandler then calls Janice to leave a message on her machine runs out the door]

## Scene s03e04_sc10 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are comforting Chandler

- Rachel: Honey, this will help. [line_index=0; stage=hands him a tub of ice cream]
- Chandler: So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow down. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Uff. [line_index=2]
- Monica: That is never good. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Then I got all needy and clingy. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Maybe it's not so bad. How did you leave it? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: She said she'd call me. [line_index=6]
- Monica: Ohh! [line_index=7; stage=both grab there stomachs in pain]
- Chandler: Oh God. [line_index=8]
- Monica: Welcome to our side of the tunnel. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: This ice cream tastes like crap by the way. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Yeah, well that's that lo-cal, non dairy, soy milk junk. We sort of, we save the real stuff for those really terminal cases. [line_index=11]
- Monica: You know, when you start get screwed over all the time, you gotta switch to low-fat. [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Yeah, you do. [line_index=13]
- Chandler: So, you don't think I'm terminal? [line_index=14]
- Monica: Well, no, not at all, you're not terminal, you just, you just need some damage control. [line_index=15]
- Chandler: Okay, okay. So, should I call her? [line_index=16]
- Monica: Nooo! [line_index=17]
- Rachel: This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go shoe shopping, you get your butt in a bubble bath. You want her back you have to start acting aloof. [line_index=18]
- Monica: She has to know that your not ready. [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Right. So, what you have to do is, you have to accidentally run into her on purpose. And then act aloof. [line_index=20]
- Chandler: So I'm not, not gonna lose her? [line_index=21]
- Rachel: Oooh, honey, you're not a total loser. [line_index=22]
- Chandler: I said, 'So I'm not gonna lose her?' [line_index=23]
- Rachel: Oh. [line_index=24]

## Scene s03e04_sc11 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is still trying to get Ben to play with something other than the Barbi doll.

- Ross: Guess who's here. It's the toughest guy in toy land, Ben. 'A real American hero. I'm G.I. Joe !' Drop the Barbi , drop the Barbi . [line_index=0; stage=singing]
- Rachel: G.I. Joe ? Do you really think he's gonna fall for that? [line_index=1]
- Ross: Look Ben, it's a toy that protects U.S. oil interests overseas! [line_index=2]
- Ross: Go Joe!!! [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Helloo! Oh! [line_index=4; stage=entering sees Joey and starts to leave]
- Joey: Pheebs! There you are! [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: No it's not, sorry. [line_index=6]
- Joey: But Phoebe, wait! Wait! Phoebe. Phoebe! [line_index=7; stage=catches her in the hallway]
- Phoebe: Oh, Joey! Oh, okay, see I didn't recognize you wearing, in those....pants. [line_index=8]
- Joey: Look listen, that TV movie I went in for? Did you hear anything? I think I got a shot at it. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Yes! They called and you didn't get it! Okay, I mean you didn't get it, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. [line_index=10]
- Joey: It's okay, these things happen. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: But they shouldn't happen, you know what, you're, you're in a terrible, terrible business. Oh God, I don't wanna be the person who makes your face look like that. [line_index=12]
- Joey: I'm, I'm okay. See. [line_index=13; stage=tries to smile, but fails horribly]
- Phoebe: Oh, now you're sad and creepy, oh. You know what, I, I'm sorry I quit, okay, I just quit. [line_index=14]
- Joey: No! No, no you can't quit! You're the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs, rejection is part being an actor, you can't take it personally. [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Not personal, really, well they said that they never met an Italian actor with a worse Italian accent. [line_index=16]
- Joey: They actually said that? [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: Yeah. Ooh God, there's that face again! See I can't do this job! I... [line_index=18]
- Joey: No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. I canna work on a new accent. [line_index=19; stage=in a very bad Italian accent]
- Phoebe: Yeah okay, no if it helps you okay. Yeah. [line_index=20]
- Ross: You'll never get me, Joe!!! [line_index=21; stage=running into the hall, in slow motion he then pretends that he gets shot repeatedly and falls back against Joey and Chandler's door, dead.]

## Scene s03e04_sc12 | A grocery store that Janice shops in. Chandler is on purpose
Description: A grocery store that Janice shops in. Chandler is on purpose, accidentally bumping into her.

- Janice: No, thank you. Chandler! [line_index=0; stage=to butcher Chandler makes a sound and she notices him]
- Chandler: Hello, Janice. [line_index=1; stage=in a British accent]
- Janice: What are you doing here? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Oh, just a bit of shopping. How've you been? [line_index=3; stage=in accent]
- Janice: Are you being British?! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: No. Not anymore. [line_index=5; stage=normal voice]
- Janice: Why are you shopping here? You don't live in this neighborhood. Were you here waiting for me? [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Yeah, huh. I'm just uh, you know I'm just picking up some things for a party. [line_index=7; stage=grabs a bag off of the shelf]
- Janice: Barley? What kind of party serves barley? [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Well, I'm sorry if my friends aren't as sophisticated as yours. [line_index=9]
- Janice: Where is this party? [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Here in Chelsea. [line_index=11]
- Janice: Who's party is it? [line_index=12]
- Chandler: A woman's [line_index=13]
- Janice: What woman?! [line_index=14]
- Chandler: Chelsea. [line_index=15; stage=shyly]
- Janice: Okay, you know, one of two things is happening here. Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, which would make you the biggest jerk on the planet. Or, else you're pretending that you're seeing somebody, which just makes you so pathetic that I could start crying right here in the cereal aisle. So like which of these two guys do you want to be? [line_index=16; stage=another guy walks by]
- Chandler: Can I be that guy? [line_index=17]

## Scene s03e04_sc13 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Joey and Phoebe are there

- Phoebe: Okay, so we got some more good rejections, lots of stuff to work on. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Okay, shoot. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Okay, um, oh, the zoo commercial. [line_index=2]
- Joey: I didn't get it? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: No. They said you 'Weren't believable as a human being.' So, you can work on that. [line_index=4]
- Joey: Okay, what else? [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Um, the off-Broadway play people said 'You were pretty but dumb.' [line_index=6]
- Joey: Oh. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Oh no wait, I'm sorry, that's 'pretty dumb.' [line_index=8]
- Joey: Look, it's okay, no, no, no, really, look um, I really appreciate this Pheebs, but I think I'm gonna have to go back to Estelle. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Oh. [line_index=10]
- Joey: Yeah, well don't get me wrong, you're a better agent than she is, but at least with her I don't want to blow my pretty dumb brains out. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Yeah, no, I understand. [line_index=12]
- Joey: You do, thanks. [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: Yeah. Sorry. [line_index=14; stage=she starts to leave]
- Joey: Wait a minute. [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: What? [line_index=16]
- Joey: Wait a minute, did you just make up all that stuff just to get out of being my agent. [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: Oh, you caught me. I am so busted. [line_index=18; stage=in a coy tone]
- Joey: That's-ah what I suspected-ah. [line_index=19; stage=in a really, really bad Italian accent]

## Scene s03e04_sc14 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is laying on the counter and Rachel and Monica are comforting him again.

- Chandler: ....And then I just, you know, threw the bag of barley at her, and ran out of the store. [line_index=0]
- Monica: My God! Chandler, we said be 'aloof' not 'a doof'. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I've actually ruined this haven't I? It's time for the good ice cream now, right? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Yeah, it is. [line_index=3]
- Monica: You know what, everything's gonna be okay. [line_index=4]

## Scene s03e04_sc15 | phone rings
Description: phone rings

- Chandler: Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. Okay, what do I do? [line_index=0; stage=answering phone to Monica and Rachel]
- Rachel: Shhh...I don't know what to do, this is totally unprecedented. [line_index=1]
- Monica: If-if-if we ever did what you did a man would never call. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Hello! [line_index=4]
- Monica: Oh wait, you know what, I got it, I got it, pretend like you just woke up, okay, that will throw her off. Be sleepy. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Yes, and grumpy. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: What are you, stop naming dwarves! Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. Really?! Really?! [line_index=7; stage=on phone listens listens]
- Rachel: He's soo lucky, if Janice were a guy, she'd be sleeping with somebody else by now. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: I love you too. [line_index=9; stage=on phone]
- Monica: Aw, it's soo unfair. [line_index=10; stage=they both start digging into the 'good' ice cream]

## Scene s03e04_sc16 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Carol and Susan are picking up Ben, while Monica is pouring chocolate syrup, lots of it, into her ice cream.

- Carol: G. I. Joe. G. I. Joe ?! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Hey, I don't know what to tell you guys that's the doll he chose. [line_index=1]
- Susan: What'd you do, dip it in sugar? [line_index=2]
- Ross: Look, G. I. Joe 's in, Barbi 's out. And if you guys can't deal with it, that's your 'too bad.' [line_index=3]
- Monica: What are you being such a weenie for? So he has a Barbi, big deal. You used to dress up like a woman. [line_index=4]
- Ross: What? [line_index=5]
- Monica: Well, you used to dress up in Mom's clothes all the time. [line_index=6]
- Ross: What are you talking about? [line_index=7]
- Monica: The big hat, the pearls, the little pick handbag. [line_index=8]
- Ross: Okay, you are totally making this up. [line_index=9]
- Monica: How can you not remember? You made us call you...Bea. [line_index=10]
- Ross: Oh God. [line_index=11; stage=remembering]
- Susan: I've literally never been this happy. [line_index=12]
- Monica: Wasn't there a little song? [line_index=13]
- Carol: Oh please God, let there be a song. [line_index=14]
- Ross: There was no song. There was no song! [line_index=15; stage=to Monica]
- Monica: ' I am Bea. ' [line_index=16; stage=singing]
- Ross: Okay. [line_index=17]
- Monica: ' I drink tea. ' [line_index=18]
- Ross: Okay, that's, that's enough. [line_index=19; stage=retreats to the bathroom]
- Monica: '.... Won't you, won't you, won't you .... ' [line_index=20]
- Ross: Won't you dance around with me. [line_index=21; stage=coming out of the bathroom]
- Monica: A-ha!!! [line_index=22; emotions=joy; stage=they all start laughing, as Ross hides in the bathroom]

## Scene s03e04_sc17 | It's an old home movie of the Geller's backyard
Description: It's an old home movie of the Geller's backyard, young Ross is dressed up as Bea, and pouring himself/herself some tea.

- Ross: 'I am Bea. I drink tea. Won't you dance around with....' Ohhh! [line_index=0; emotions=sadness; stage=singing spills some tea and it drips onto his/her dress runs away crying]
- Monica: Ross!!! [line_index=1; stage=entering the shot starts to wipe up the spill]
