---
episode_id: s03e24
title: The One With The Ultimate Fighting Champion
season: 3
episode: 24
---

# S03E24 The One With The Ultimate Fighting Champion

## Scene s03e24_sc01 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, the whole gang minus Monica is there.

- Chandler: Do you think that there’s a town in Missouri or some place called Sample? And ah, as you’re driving into town there’s-there’s like a sign, and it says “You’re in Sample.” [line_index=0; stage=He says it like urine sample.]
- Monica: Hey. [line_index=1; stage=entering]
- All: Hey! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: How’d it go with Pete?! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Tell us! [line_index=4]
- Monica: You’re not gonna believe this. Okay, so I go over... [line_index=5]
- Billy Crystal: I’m sorry. Ex-excuse us. I’m sorry, it’s a little crowded. Do you mind if we... [line_index=6; stage=motions to the couch]
- Robin Williams: Yeah, could you scooch? [line_index=7]
- Billy: Yeah, move over just a little bit. [line_index=8]

## Scene s03e24_sc02 | Central Perk
Description: Rachel, Chandler, Phoebe, and Joey all scooch over to let them sit down.

- Robin: Keep on scooching. [line_index=0]
- Monica: So guys, listen, I go over there, and umm... [line_index=1]

## Scene s03e24_sc03 | Central Perk
Description: Robin interrupts her again by complaining loudly to Billy as the camera cuts to them.

- Robin: Why? Why?! What’s wrong with me?! [line_index=0]
- Billy: What’s the matter? [line_index=1]
- Robin: I have a feelin’... I, my wife is sleeping with her gynaecologist. [line_index=2]

## Scene s03e24_sc04 | Central Perk
Description: The gang is now eaves dropping in on the conversation, and is shocked.

- Billy: How do you know? [line_index=0]
- Robin: Well y'know, he’s got access. [line_index=1]
- Billy: Yeah. [line_index=2]
- Robin: Y'know it’s that feeling you get, y'know? [line_index=3]
- Billy: Like when you go bowling and you know you’re in somebody else’s shoes? [line_index=4]
- Robin: That’s the one. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: All right, so, so you went to Pete’s... [line_index=6]
- Ross: What happened? [line_index=7]
- Monica: I... [line_index=8; stage=Robin is speaking loudly again]
- Robin: Why is this happening to me?! I don’t know, maybe it’s my wound. [line_index=9]
- Monica: Forget it. [line_index=10; stage=they all turn and listen to Billy and Robin]
- Billy: So it’s-it’s not heeled yet? [line_index=11]
- Robin: No-no, it’s ooozing, oozing. Could you pass me the cream? Is there any—Oh, there’s the cream. [line_index=12; stage=to Rachel]
- Billy: Thomas, this is gonna be hard, but I wanted it to come from me, and nobody else. [line_index=13]
- Robin: What is it, Tim? [line_index=14]
- Billy: It’s me, I’ve been sleeping with your wife. [line_index=15]
- Joey: So you’re the gynaecologist? [line_index=16; stage=to Billy]
- Billy: Hey, I’m trying to have a private conversation! Is that okay?! [line_index=17; stage=to Joey]
- Robin: Ooh, Can I have a napkin, please? Could you please hand me a napkin? Would you--Give me this thing all right!! Enough! And you are no longer my friend! We are finished! Nada!! No more! You are a bastard for doing this!! Get away from me!! [line_index=18; stage=starting to cry to Rachel Rachel tries to grab one, but is to slow for his tastes. grabs the napkin holder from her. to Billy gets up to leave Billy follows him]
- Billy: Thomas, come back here! [line_index=19; stage=they both leave]
- Phoebe: So Monica, what were you gonna tell us? [line_index=20]
- Monica: I have no idea. [line_index=21; stage=pause]

## Scene s03e24_sc05 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, continued from earlier.

- Rachel: So, come on, what was the big news Pete wanted to tell you Mon?! Or should I say Mrs. Monica Becker? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: No-no-no oh, keep your name, don’t take his name. [line_index=1]
- Monica: He didn’t ask me to marry him. [line_index=2]
- All: Ohh. [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Well then definately don’t take his name. [line_index=4]
- Monica: He wanted to tell me he’s gonna compete is some ultimate fighting competition thingy. [line_index=5]
- The Guys: Pete?! [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Why?! What is it? [line_index=7]
- Monica: I don’t know exactly. It’s-it’s sorta like wrestling. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Oh?! [line_index=9; stage=intrigued]
- Monica: Yeah, but without the costumes. [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Oh. [line_index=11; stage=disappointed]
- Joey: And it’s not fake, it’s totally brutal. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: Yeah, it’s two guys in a ring, and the rules are: “They’re are no rules.” [line_index=13]
- Monica: So you can like, bite, and pull people’s hair and stuff? [line_index=14]
- Ross: Yeah, anything goes, except ah, eye gouging and fish hooking. [line_index=15]
- Monica: What’s fish hooking? [line_index=16]
- Ross: Huh, what’s fish hooking... Thanks man, that would have been really hard to describe. What is that taste? [line_index=17; emotions=sarcasm; stage=Joey sticks his finger in Ross’s mouth and pulls on his cheek, y'know like when you hook a fish. to Joey, sarcastic]
- Joey: What? My hands are totally clean, I just gave the duck a bath. [line_index=18]

## Scene s03e24_sc06 | Chandler’s office
Description: Chandler’s office, he is just finishing a meeting with his boss.

- Doug: So thanks for the warm welcome. It’s good to have you guys on my team, and I come to play. I hope you do too. Now, let’s go out there and get ‘em! Huh? And remember, there is no ‘I’ in team. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Yes, but there’s two in martini, soo everybody back to my office. [line_index=1]
- Doug: You! Chuckles! What’s your name? [line_index=2; stage=to Chandler]
- Chandler: Oh it’s Bing, sir. I’m sorry , I was just ah... [line_index=3]
- Doug: No-no, I heard what you said, funny. I like funny. This team is about hard work, but it’s also about having fun. Good to have you aboard Bing! [line_index=4; stage=Chandler starts to leave smacks him on the butt, and Chandler leaves shocked.]

## Scene s03e24_sc07 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is making reservations.

- Ross: That’s right, Ryder. Wynona Ryder for six. Thank you. Yeah, we have the reservations. [line_index=0; stage=on phone listens hangs up to the gang]
- Rachel: Yes!! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: All right buddy, way to go! [line_index=2; stage=smacks him on the butt]
- Ross: Dude, what are you doing? [line_index=3; stage=stunned]
- Chandler: Thank you! Today, my boss keep slapping my butt and he was acting like it was no big deal. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Yeesh, what’d you do about it? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Well, I didn’t do anything. I didn’t want to be the guy who has a problem with his boss slapping his bottom. [line_index=6]
- Monica: I gotta tell ya, I think it’s okay to be that guy. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Yeah, maybe it’s like y'know, that jock thing. Y'know how football players pat each other after touchdowns. [line_index=8; stage=pats Ross on the butt]

## Scene s03e24_sc08 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Ross throws his hands out in a “What are you doing?” gesture

- Rachel: Y'know I don’t, I don’t understand guys, I mean I-I would never congratulate Monica on a great stew by y'know, grabbin’ her boob. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Yeah, I know, for a really great stew you just y'know, stick your head in between ‘em. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Okay, can we please go eat? [line_index=2]
- Joey: Yeah. What are we getting? [line_index=3]
- Monica: Anything but stew. [line_index=4; stage=to Chandler]
- Ross: All right so, Chandler, from now on, don’t give your boss a chance to get you. Y'know just ah, don’t turn your back to him. [line_index=5]
- Joey: Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that really smells on your butt, all right? Then, when he goes to smack ya, his hand will smell. Now what could you rub on your butt that would smell bad? [line_index=6; stage=thinking aloud]
- Chandler: What if Joey were president? [line_index=7; stage=to Ross and Monica]

## Scene s03e24_sc09 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica, Ross, Chandler, and Joey exit.

- Phoebe: Umm, hey Rach, can I ask you something? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Okay, you can totally say no, but umm, would it be okay with you if I set Ross up on a date? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh, ah with who? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Umm, my friend, Bonnie. She just always thought Ross was really cute, and now that you two aren’t together, she asked if I could set it up, but if you’re not cool with it... [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Oh-oh-oh, which one is Bonnie again? [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: You remember her from my birthday party two years ago. She’s yeah, like, average height, medium build, bald... [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Oh! That’s fine. [line_index=7; stage=laughs]
- Phoebe: Great! Okay, good for you! [line_index=8; stage=as they leave she slaps Rachel on the butt]

## Scene s03e24_sc10 | A Gym
Description: A Gym, Pete is training for the Ultimate Fighting Championship, with his trainer, Hoshi.

- Hoshi: You are iron. You are steel! Let me ask you something, how come when I call your computer support line, I have to wait an hour and a half? [line_index=0]
- Pete: I told you, we’re adding new operators all the time. Could we concentrate on my training? [line_index=1]
- Hoshi: It’s just hard when I know I have e-mail I can’t get ! [line_index=2]
- Monica: Hi! [line_index=3; stage=entering]
- Pete: Monica! Hi honey. [line_index=4; stage=runs over and kisses her]
- Hoshi: All right, on the table. [line_index=5; stage=Pete gets on the table for his rubdown]
- Monica: Hey, umm, so listen umm, my friends were telling me a little about this ah, ultimate fighting thing and it, well it sounds really dangerous. I-I don’t want you to get hurt, ‘cause I kinda like you. [line_index=6]
- Pete: Oh, believe me, I don’t want to get hurt either. I’m being smart about this. See these guys? They’re the best trainers in the world, and Hoshi here used to be a paid assassin. A house painter! He used to be a house painter. [line_index=7; stage=Hoshi yells at him in Chinese]
- Monica: Promise me you’ll be careful. [line_index=8]
- Pete: I promise. [line_index=9]
- Monica: Hey, are we still on for tonight? [line_index=10]
- Pete: Yeah. [line_index=11]
- Monica: Okay, good, ‘cause umm, well maybe we could have a little workout of our own... [line_index=12]
- Hoshi: No! No boom-boom before big fight! [line_index=13]
- Monica: How ‘bout just a boom? [line_index=14]

## Scene s03e24_sc11 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe is there with Bonnie, as Rachel enters.

- Rachel: Well that was depressing, I think I just bought a soft pretzel from one of the kids from Fame . Ready to go to the movies? [line_index=0; stage=to Phoebe]
- Phoebe: Um-hmm. Oh wait! This is Bonnie. [line_index=1; stage=who has hair by the way]
- Bonnie: Hi! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: This is Bonnie? This is Bonnie? You’re Bonnie? [line_index=3; stage=to Phoebe to Bonnie]
- Bonnie: I can show you an ID if you want? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Oh no, I’m sorry, you look a lot different from the last time I-I saw you. [line_index=5]
- Bonnie: Oh yeah, well I just started wearing bras again. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Oh, that must be it. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Well I hope you have fun tonight. [line_index=8; stage=to Bonnie]
- Bonnie: Thanks! You too. [line_index=9]

## Scene s03e24_sc12 | Central Perk
Description: Phoebe starts to leave, Rachel slowly follows, shocked about how good Bonnie looks now.

- Rachel: You said she was bald. [line_index=0; stage=to Phoebe]
- Phoebe: Yeah, she was bald, she’s not now. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: How could you not tell me that she has hair? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: I don’t know, I hardly ever say that about people. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Ohh, well, this is just perfect! [line_index=4; stage=looks in the window]
- Phoebe: Well I’m sorry, I thought you said it was okay. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Yeah, I said what was okay when I thought she was some weird bald chick. I mean, y'know, that girl has hair got all over head! [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Well, maybe it won’t work out. Maybe Ross won’t like her personality. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Why, does she have a bad personality? [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Oh no, Bonnie’s the best! [line_index=9]

## Scene s03e24_sc13 | Chandler’s office
Description: Chandler’s office, Chandler is bent over getting some water as his boss approaches.

- Doug: Bing! Read your Computech proposal, a real homerun. Ooh. Barely got ya that time, get over here. Come on. Wham! Good one. That was a good one. Keep at it team. [line_index=0; stage=Chandler stands bolt upright and turns around to face him. He goes to slap his butt, but Chandler slides over making him miss. Chandler goes over slaps him on the butt to a couple of Chandler’s co-workers goes into his office]
- Chandler: What is with him? [line_index=1; stage=to his co-workers]
- Phil: With him? You’re is favourite, you’re his guy! [line_index=2]
- Stevens: We never get smacked. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Well, that’s not true, he-he smacked you once. [line_index=4]
- Phil: Not on purpose, he ricocheted of you and got me. [line_index=5]
- Stevens: I’m telling you, I need some smacks. I got a kid starting Dartmouth in the fall. [line_index=6]
- Doug: Dartmouth? Who went to Dartmouth? Dartmouth sucks. Did you go to Dartmouth Bing? [line_index=7; stage=coming out of his office]
- Chandler: No sir. [line_index=8]
- Doug: There you go. [line_index=9; stage=smacks him on the butt]

## Scene s03e24_sc14 | The Ultimate Fighting Championship
Description: The Ultimate Fighting Championship, Ross and Monica are there watching Pete.

- Ross: Hey! [line_index=0; stage=walking up with this huge tub-o-popcorn and drink]
- Monica: God Ross, what is that? [line_index=1]
- Ross: Yeah, it’s the Ultimate Fighting Combo. Yeah, I saved thirty cents, plus I get to keep the cup. Yay!! [line_index=2]
- Announcer: From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He’s known for his confrontational business style. Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing Pete Beck-errrr!! [line_index=3]
- Monica: I love you, Pete!!! [line_index=4]
- Announcer: And his opponent, from Hunnington Beach, California! He’s a 300 pound street fighter, Tank Abbottttttt!!!! [line_index=5]

## Scene s03e24_sc15 | The Ultimate Fighting Championship
Description: The crowd goes wild, and Ross is the only one boo-ing him.

- Monica: Pete! Pete!! That guy’s pretty huge! [line_index=0; stage=going up to the ring]
- Pete: Don’t worry, Hoshi taught me how to use an opponent’s strength and weight against him. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Well, then that guy is in serious, serious trouble. [line_index=2]

## Scene s03e24_sc16 | The Ultimate Fighting Championship
Description: Pete and Monica kiss, and Monica mouths “I love you.” to him.

- Ross: All right! You go get him! Let’s go! [line_index=0]
- Referee: Here we go gentlemen, here we go! Are you ready? Are you ready? Let’s get it on!! [line_index=1; stage=to Tank Abbott He nods, and takes out his teeth to Pete Pete nods, “Yes.”]

## Scene s03e24_sc17 | The Ultimate Fighting Championship
Description: They both rush each other. Tank picks Pete up and carries him over and slams him into the fence surrounding the ring.

- Pete: Uh-oh. [line_index=0]

## Scene s03e24_sc18 | The Ultimate Fighting Championship
Description: Tank carries Pete over to the other side of the ring, and we see both Ross and Monica wince in pain.


## Scene s03e24_sc19 | The Arena
Description: The Arena, after the fight. Monica is walking up to a defeated Pete.

- Monica: Hey! It’s me. Mon-i-ca! Can I just tell you how proud I am of you. [line_index=0; stage=she sits down next to him]
- Pete: It would be nice after hearing 20,000 people chant “You suck!” [line_index=1]
- Monica: I mean I-I thought you were nuts at first, but you-you did it. And now you can just look back at this thing with no regrets. [line_index=2]
- Pete: What, look back? [line_index=3]
- Monica: Well, you’re not gonna get going are you? [line_index=4]
- Pete: Well let me ask you a question. Am I the Ultimate Fighting Champion? [line_index=5]
- Monica: Well, no. But... [line_index=6]
- Pete: Well I’m not gonna stop until I’m the Ultimate Fighting Champion. [line_index=7]
- Monica: That guy stood on your neck until you passed out! [line_index=8]
- Pete: Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened overnight? No. There was Moss 1, that burnt down my Dad’s garage, there was Moss 2 that would only schedule appointments in January, and 862 others that I learned from, just like I learned from this fight, never to let a guy stand on my neck. [line_index=9]
- Monica: You didn’t know that already? [line_index=10]
- Pete: Look, I’m gonna get better. Okay? I promise you. [line_index=11]
- Monica: Okay, just get a lot better. Fast. [line_index=12; stage=pause]
- Pete: Oh, one other thing. Hoshi thinks that you being ringside may have affected my concentration. [line_index=13]
- Monica: Yeah. That-that was the problem. [line_index=14]

## Scene s03e24_sc20 | Monica and Rachel's balcony
Description: Monica and Rachel's balcony, Ross and Phoebe are grilling some burgers and hot dogs.

- Monica: Hey. [line_index=0; stage=joining them]
- Ross: Hey! How long until Pete’s fight? [line_index=1]
- Monica: Oh, about five minutes. Right now they’re interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going to Iran and pulling the arms off thieves. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Hot dog? [line_index=3]
- Monica: Four, please. I’m really nervous. Thank you. [line_index=4; stage=Ross looks at her Ross gives her the four dogs she grabs four buns, and heads back inside]
- Phoebe: So Ross, how umm, how did it go with Bonnie? [line_index=5]
- Ross: What? Oh! I gotta tell you, I-I wasn’t expecting to like her at all, I mean I actually wasn’t expecting to like anyone right now, but she’s really terrific. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Ohh, that’s too bad! [line_index=7]
- Ross: No, I-I’m saying I liked her. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Yeah, y'know what, there are other fish in the sea. [line_index=9]
- Ross: Pheebs, I think she’s great. Okay? We’re going out again. [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Okay, I hear you! Are you capable of talking about any thing else? [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Hey! Which one’s my turkey burger? [line_index=12; stage=joining them]
- Ross: Ahh, the one next to my foot. Sorry. [line_index=13]
- Joey: Hey, the fight’s starting! [line_index=14; stage=sticking his head out the window]
- Ross: Okay, we’ll be right in. So ah, did your boss try to slap you again today? [line_index=15; stage=to Chandler]
- Chandler: Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it’s gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I’m conducting an experiment, and if all goes as planned, my butt will be smack free. [line_index=16]
- Joey: Fight’s over! [line_index=17; stage=sticking his head out the window]

## Scene s03e24_sc21 | Monica and Rachel's balcony
Description: Chandler, Ross, and Phoebe all stop dead in their tracks at the news.


## Scene s03e24_sc22 | Chandler’s office
Description: Chandler’s office, Chandler is confronting his boss about the butt smacking thing. His boss is writing on a white board.

- Chandler: Excuse me, Doug? Hey there sports fan!! [line_index=0; stage=no reaction]
- Doug: Bing! You got those numbers for me? [line_index=1; stage=turning around]
- Chandler: No, I ah, I didn’t do them. [line_index=2]
- Doug: Oh, you forgot? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: No, no I just ah, didn’t do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple of beers so I certainly don’t deserve any praise, verbal or otherwise. [line_index=4]
- Doug: Well, I got tanked myself last night. Pretty dicey drive home, Tapanzi Bridge never looked smaller. That’s okay, you’re still my number one guy! Bing! [line_index=5; stage=laughs slaps him on the butt]
- Chandler: Doug!! [line_index=6]
- Doug: Hmm. [line_index=7]
- Chandler: I’m a little bit uncomfortable with the that way you express yourself. [line_index=8]
- Doug: Oh, is it the swearing? I mean is it the constant swearing? Because I gotta tell ya, if it is, you can just... kiss my ass! [line_index=9]
- Chandler: No, no. It-it’s not about the swearing, it’s more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, concentrate, your enthusiasm on my buttock. [line_index=10]
- Doug: Oh? [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Oh, and don’t get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It’s just that I, I have a rather, sensitive posterior, and ah, besides, it’s making all the other guys jealous. [line_index=12]
- Doug: Well, say no more. Y'know it takes guts to bring this up. Bing! You’re okay. [line_index=13]
- Chandler: Okay. [line_index=14; stage=he starts to leave]
- Doug: Ha! Ahhhhhhh! [line_index=15; stage=goes to smack him on the butt, but stops, faking Chandler out]
- Chandler: Ahhhhh! [line_index=16; stage=walks out, imitating shooting himself in the head]

## Scene s03e24_sc23 | The street outside Central Perk
Description: The street outside Central Perk, Rachel and Phoebe are talking and walking.

- Phoebe: Okay. Would you rather live in the shirt pocket of a sweaty giant, or inside his shower drain? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Oh my God! Phoebe look, it’s Ross and that girl. [line_index=1; stage=seeing Ross and Bonnie inside Central Perk]

## Scene s03e24_sc24 | The street outside Central Perk
Description: We see Ross and Bonnie laughing and having a good time.

- Phoebe: No! No! Look at that! It’s a line of ants! They’re working as a team! [line_index=0; stage=drags her away from the window]
- Rachel: Phoebe! [line_index=1; stage=goes back to the window]
- Phoebe: Right, oh yeah. Wow, oh, it looks like Ross is breaking up with her. Uff, I hope he lets her down easy. Let’s go. [line_index=2; stage=looking in the window]
- Rachel: Come on Phoebe, look at that! They are not breaking up, look at them. Okay that’s, you know what that is? That is a, that is a second date, that’s what that is! Look at that, she just put her hand on his thigh... [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Oh no! That really is nothing, she is very sexually aggressive. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Ohh! Phoebe, this is all your fault! Now he loves her, he’s gonna marry her, and this is all your fault. [line_index=5; stage=walking away from the window]
- Phoebe: You said it was okay! [line_index=6]
- Rachel: You said she was bald!! [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: What?! What-what-what-what-what?!! [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Phoebe, we can’t, we just can’t just let it happen! Okay, we have to do something! We have to break them up! Okay? Just go in there and like, shave her head! You owe me one bald girl!! [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Okay, first of all, breathe. Second of all, I don’t get it. Aren’t you the one that decided that you didn’t want to be with Ross? [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Yes. [line_index=11; stage=quietly]
- Phoebe: Well isn’t he your friend? Don’t you want him to be happy? [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Yes. [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: So? [line_index=14]
- Rachel: I just y'know, I didn’t expect him to be this happy so soon. Ufff. Ooo-ooh! [line_index=15; stage=sits down on the curb]
- Phoebe: Oh no. [line_index=16; stage=sits down next to her and hugs her]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: Oh, we killed them all. [line_index=18]
- Rachel: Oh! [line_index=19]

## Scene s03e24_sc25 | The street outside Central Perk
Description: They both jump up and wipe off their butts.


## Scene s03e24_sc26 | A locker room
Description: A locker room, Pete is in a full upper-body cast. Monica enters, sees him, and gasps. Pete tries to turn around, and winces in pain.

- Pete: It’s okay, it’s not as bad as it looks, it’s a precaution. Ah, I’m not supposed to move my spine. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Please tell me you’re stopping now. [line_index=1]
- Pete: I’m fine! I’d fight tonight, if they’d let me. See this circle I’m marking off here? This is my zone of terror. [line_index=2; stage=stands up and starts swinging his arms]
- Monica: You are insane! You-you gotta give this up! [line_index=3]
- Pete: I can’t until I’m the ultimate fighter. I will do it. I’m telling you, the day will come when children will argue over who will win a fight, me or Superman. Now, I’m not saying I could beat Superman, but y'know, kids are stupid. [line_index=4]
- Monica: Sit down. All right? Please, just listen to me. You are terrible at this! Okay? You are the worst ultimate fighter ever! Ever!! [line_index=5]
- Pete: Y'know I have a torn rotator cuff, a hairline fracture in my right forearm, and a severely bruised Adam’s Apple, but that really hurt. [line_index=6]
- Monica: Well then, y'know what? I care about you to much to watch you hurt yourself like this. So if you have to do this, then you’re gonna have to do it without me. [line_index=7]
- Pete: Well if you’re asking me to quit, then you’re asking me to be someone I’m not. I’ve got to do this. [line_index=8]
- Monica: Then I’ve gotta go. Bye. [line_index=9; stage=kisses him and starts to walk out]
- Pete: Mon-Monica? [line_index=10]
- Monica: Yes? [line_index=11]
- Pete: Could you leave a note? ‘Cause I’m on a lot of pain killers now, and I don’t know if I’ll remember this tomorrow. [line_index=12; stage=She leaves.]

## Scene s03e24_sc27 | Chandler’s office
Description: Chandler’s office, he is just finishing up a meeting with his boss and the rest of his team.

- Doug: So, in conclusion, the lines all go up , so I’m happy. Great job team! Tomorrow at 8:30. Phil! Nice job. Stevens! Way to go! Joel-burg, you maniac! I love ya! Bing! Good job, couldn’t have done it without ya. [line_index=0; stage=points to the chart They start to leave smacks him on the butt smacks him on the butt smacks him on the butt Chandler walks up he shakes his hand]
- Chandler: Thank you, sir. [line_index=1]
- Stevens: Oh, excuse me. I forgot my briefcase y'know, by accident. [line_index=2; stage=coming back in]
- Doug: Of course, you did. Forgot something else too ya bastard! Well, what about you? You’re not feeling left out or anything are ya? [line_index=3; stage=smacks him on the butt to Chandler]
- Chandler: No. No, not at all, that’s-that’s ridiculous. [line_index=4]
- Doug: Everybody else got one, and you want one too. Don’t you? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Ye-ye-yeah, yes I do! [line_index=6]
- Doug: Now get on out of here, you! [line_index=7; stage=smacks him on the butt]

## Scene s03e24_sc28 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, the gang is watching Pete fight on TV. Monica is hiding in the kitchen, not watching.

- TV Announcer: Pete Becker is circling the ring now. It looks like, he’s just trying to feel him out. Oh, Bruiser is just... [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Run! Run you crazy, rich freak! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh, I can’t watch this. [line_index=2; stage=turns her eyes away]
- Joey: Check it out, he’s winning! Pete’s winning! [line_index=3; stage=to Monica]
- Monica: Really?! [line_index=4]
- Joey: No-o-o!! [line_index=5]
- TV Announcer: Uh-oh, Bruiser has Becker on the canvas and is going for his favourite area. [line_index=6]
- All: Oh! Oh! [line_index=7; stage=they all recoil in horror]
- Phoebe: Wait, if that’s his favourite area, why is he being so mean to it? [line_index=8]
- Ross: Well, this is ironic. Of your last two boyfriends, Richard didn’t want to have kids, and from the looks of it, now Pete can’t. [line_index=9]
- All: Ohh!! [line_index=10; stage=they all start pointing at the screen]
