---
episode_id: s04e07
title: The One Where Chandler Crosses A Line
season: 4
episode: 7
---

# S04E07 The One Where Chandler Crosses A Line

## Scene s04e07_sc01 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, everyone except Joey and Chandler are there eating breakfast.

- Chandler: I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture! [line_index=0; stage=entering in a bathrobe]
- Ross: Y'know if we ever go to war and you’re captured, you’re in for a big surprise. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it’s bad enough that I’m in love with my roommates girlfriend—which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we’re in the room together there’s this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I’ve seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she’s smooth! Smooth! [line_index=2; stage=leaves]
- Phoebe: Wow! Could everyone totally see up his robe? [line_index=3]
- All: Yeah! Oh my God! [line_index=4]

## Scene s04e07_sc02 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Joey is getting a phone number from a woman (Casey) as Chandler watches from the doorway.

- Casey: Here you go. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Great! All right, so I’ll call you later. [line_index=1]
- Casey: Great! [line_index=2; stage=leaves]
- Chandler: Hey-Hey-Hey! Who was that? [line_index=3; stage=rushing up]
- Joey: That would be Casey. We’re going out tonight. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Goin’ out, huh? Wow! Wow! So things didn’t work out with Kathy, huh? Bummer. [line_index=5; stage=Does a little celebration dance]
- Joey: No, things are fine with Kathy. I’m having a late dinner with her tonight, right after my early dinner with Casey. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=7; stage=shocked]
- Joey: Yeah-yeah. And the craziest thing is that I just ate a whole pizza by myself! [line_index=8; stage=Laughs]
- Chandler: Wait! You’re going out with Kathy! [line_index=9]
- Joey: Yeah. Why are you getting so upset? [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Well, I’m upset—for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you. [line_index=11; stage=He can’t believe he just sad that.]
- Joey: What is the big deal? It’s not like we’re exclusive. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she’s-she’s smart, and funny, and gets you. [line_index=13]
- Joey: You got all that from the back of her head? [line_index=14]
- Chandler: All right look, I think it’s time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane. [line_index=15]
- Joey: Who’s Elaine? [line_index=16]

## Scene s04e07_sc03 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Ross and Monica are sitting on the couch playing cards, and Phoebe is working on a new song.

- Phoebe: " Little, tiny Tarzan, swinging on a nose hair. Swinging with the greatest of ease… " Darn it! Now, I don’t know who to get to the next verse. [line_index=0; stage=singing]
- Ross: Oh, you could just go uh, " greatest of ease … BAH-bah-bha-bhannn." Then go right into it. [line_index=1; stage=plays air guitar]
- Phoebe: Yeah, ooh, I like that! Yeah. Wait! How do you know about ‘bah-bah-bha-bhan?’ [line_index=2]
- Ross: Well umm, y’know, I used to play. [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Oh yeah, that’s right, the keyboards, huh? [line_index=4]
- Ross: Yeah, just a little in high school, but then I really got into it in college. I mean that’s-that’s when I really found my sound. [line_index=5]

## Scene s04e07_sc04 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica is taking a drink as Ross says that, laughs, and snorts her drink.

- Monica: Oh God! Orange juice just came out of my nose, but it was totally worth it. Oh my God, I completely forgot about your sound. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Yeah. [line_index=1]
- Monica: He used to lock himself in the basement for hours. No one was every allowed to hear, "The Sound." [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: I wanna hear "The Sound." [line_index=3]
- Ross: Really? No. I mean, nah, I haven’t played in so long, and-and, well it’s-it’s really personal stuff, y’know? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Come on, play that funky music white boy. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Yeah! [line_index=6]
- Ross: No, you guys, I mean my keyboards are all the way up in—No, yeah, okay. [line_index=7; stage=Runs out.]
- Ross: Okay, guys. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: All right! Bring it on, you… [line_index=9]
- Ross: Here we go. Y’know, I’ve-I’ve never played my stuff for anyone before, so it’s important that-that you understand it’s about communicating very private emotions. Y’know, umm, you should-you should think of umm, my work as wordless sound poems. That’s what I’m… [line_index=10; stage=Plays one note Plays another note]
- Chandler: Oh my God! Play! [line_index=11; stage=interrupting]

## Scene s04e07_sc05 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Ross starts to play. He plays a key that has a back beat sound attached to it. Over the background music he plays the sound of a barking dog, a mooing cow, a laser beam, someone coughing, a jackhammer, a doorbell, a police siren, a ray gun, breaking dishes, and for a closer he plays the sound of a loud crash. Basically, the music sucks.


## Scene s04e07_sc06 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's

- Chandler: Really, bitchin’! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Wow, it was so—wow! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Really?! I mean, really?!! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Yeah, I mean, you should play in public! [line_index=3]
- Ross: Wow! Thanks, you guys. That’s uh—ohhh, I wanna, I wanna play you another piece! Umm! Uh-oh! I left my uh, helicopter sounds on another disk. I’ll be right back! Okay? This is so nice, I’m—I am so… [line_index=4; stage=Runs to fetch them]

## Scene s04e07_sc07 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: starts to break up and leaves

- Monica: Oh God bless my dad sound proofing the basement! [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Oh, I can’t believe I ever let him touch me with those fingers. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: What are you guys talking about, I loved it! It was soo moving. Oh, plus it’s just, it’s so different from the stuff you usually hear. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: You mean like, music? [line_index=3]

## Scene s04e07_sc08 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is watching Yasmein Bleeth running on TV, and the duck starts quacking.

- Chandler: Yeah, I know what you’re thinkin’! Yes, yes, your breasts are just as firm and juicy. [line_index=0]

## Scene s04e07_sc09 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: There’s a knock on the door.

- Chandler: Come in! [line_index=0]
- Kathy: Hey! Oh God, is that Baywatch ? [line_index=1; stage=entering sees what’s on TV]
- Chandler: Uh yes, but uh, I just watch it for the articles. [line_index=2]
- Kathy: So is Joey around? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: No-no, he’s not back yet, but he’ll be here any minute. So uh, come on in. Have a seat. Bow or stern? [line_index=4]
- Kathy: I uh, don’t really have a preference. You? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: I like it in the stern. …of the boat. Hello. [line_index=6; stage=Realizes what he just said. The phone rings, and he answers it. on phone]
- Joey: Hey, it’s me. Listen Casey and I were on our way back and had a little car trouble. [line_index=7; stage=on the other end at a pay phone]
- Chandler: What happened? [line_index=8]
- Joey: We broke down on the Parkway, so I have to walk back and get some transmission fluid. And hey, listen could you please tell Kathy that I’ll be there as soon as I can. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Why can’t you tell her? [line_index=10]
- Joey: ‘Cause I only have one quarter, and I think my time is about to— [line_index=11; stage=he stops talking suddenly]
- Chandler: Joey! Joey!! [line_index=12]
- Joey: Yeah? [line_index=13]
- Chandler: I thought your time ran out. [line_index=14]
- Joey: Me too, but I guess I do have a couple of more— [line_index=15; stage=his time runs out for real]
- Chandler: Uhh, that was Joey. He’s running a little late, he says he’s sorry. [line_index=16; stage=to Kathy]
- Kathy: Oh. [line_index=17]
- Chandler: So I guess it’s just uh, you and me then. [line_index=18]
- Kathy: Oh, okay. [line_index=19]
- Chandler: Yeah, I think it is! [line_index=20]
- Kathy: So what did you do today? [line_index=21]
- Chandler: Oh, I had an appointment to get my haircut… [line_index=22]
- Kathy: Oh, it looks great! [line_index=23; stage=interrupting]
- Chandler: …and then it got canceled. [line_index=24]
- Kathy: Well, I could cut it. [line_index=25]
- Chandler: Really?! You do that? [line_index=26]
- Kathy: Yeah, I do. Of course, I learned at my aunt’s dog grooming shop, but hey, what do you say? [line_index=27]
- Chandler: Dog grooming huh? Okay, just don’t make my tail too poofy. [line_index=28]
- Kathy: You have really great hair. [line_index=29]
- Chandler: Well, thanks. I grow it myself. Y’know who also has great hair is Joey! [line_index=30; stage=Kathy is running her fingers through his hair, and Chandler catches himself enjoying it too much.]
- Kathy: Yes! Yeah! Joey has great hair! Umm, I’m basically done here. Just let me get this off your neck. [line_index=31]

## Scene s04e07_sc10 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Kathy leans in really close and Chandler mouths "Oh my God." She moves around in front of him and kneels at his feet.

- Chandler: What-what ‘cha doin’? [line_index=0]
- Kathy: Checking to see if it’s even. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: ‘Kay. [line_index=2]
- Kathy: Looks good. [line_index=3]

## Scene s04e07_sc11 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: They lean in to kiss and are interrupted by the phone.

- Chandler: Oh the phone! The phone’s making sounds! Hello! [line_index=0; stage=jumping up to answer the phone On phone]
- Joey: Hey dude, it’s me. [line_index=1; stage=on phone]
- Chandler: Hey it’s Joey! [line_index=2]
- Joey: Listen uh, I’m really sorry, it looks like I’m gonna be stuck here for a while. I got the transmission fluid, but when I went to put it in the car, the transmission wasn’t there! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Yeah, it must’ve fallen out a few blocks back. I just figured we hit a dog. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Okay. [line_index=6]
- Joey: Listen uh, could you put Kathy on, I wanna apologize. [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Oh yeah man. Joey. [line_index=8; stage=to Kathy Hands her the phone.]
- Kathy: Hey. Oh no it’s fine, don’t worry about it. Yeah-no, stop apologizing, it’s okay. Yeah! I’ll talk to you tomorrow. I should uh, probably go. [line_index=9; stage=on phone listens listens listens hangs up to Chandler]
- Chandler: Yeah. Yes! Yeah. [line_index=10]

## Scene s04e07_sc12 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Kathy leaves and Chandler groans in agony. Kathy knocks on the door and Chandler opens it.

- Kathy: I forgot my purse. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Oh. [line_index=1]

## Scene s04e07_sc13 | They kiss, passionately
Description: They kiss, passionately.

- Kathy: No, I really did forget my purse. [line_index=0]

## Scene s04e07_sc14 | They kiss again
Description: They kiss again.


## Scene s04e07_sc15 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, continued from earlier. Chandler and Kathy are still kissing, then they stop suddenly.

- Chandler: No-no-no-no, this is bad! It’s bad! This is bad! [line_index=0]
- Kathy: Horrible! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Wait the uh, the kiss or the situation? [line_index=2]
- Kathy: No-no-no, the kiss was good. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Okay! [line_index=4]
- Kathy: No, but that’s bad! [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Ooh! Yes! Okay! Here’s what we do, we-we forget it happened. [line_index=6]
- Kathy: What?! [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Okay, we-we swallow our feelings. Even if it means we’re unhappy forever. Sound good? [line_index=8]
- Kathy: Can you really do that? [line_index=9]
- Chandler: I have to; he’s my best friend, and you’re seeing him. [line_index=10]
- Kathy: Chandler, I like Joey a lot, but with you… [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Oh-no-no-no! Don’t! Don’t! See-see, you’re getting me confused, I’m starting to urn. [line_index=12; stage=interrupting]
- Kathy: I’m sorry. If you wanna pretend that nothing happened, I can try. [line_index=13]
- Chandler: I-I think we have too. [line_index=14]
- Kathy: Okay. Bye. [line_index=15]
- Chandler: Bye. Are you still out there? [line_index=16; stage=Kathy leaves and Chandler wonders over to and leans up against the door.]
- Kathy: No. [line_index=17; stage=outside the door Chandler opens the door and they kiss again.]

## Scene s04e07_sc16 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Ross is performing, his music hasn’t improved.

- Ross: Electrifying. Emphatic time-time-time… [line_index=0; stage=His voice is altered to sound like a computer. He plays the sound of a ticking clock.]
- Monica: Y'know, there’s a Starbucks about three blocks down. [line_index=1; stage=to Rachel and Phoebe]
- Phoebe: It’s so inspired! Look at him! Look at him go! [line_index=2; stage=pushing Monica back onto the couch]
- Ross: Thank you guys-guys-guys… [line_index=3; stage=with the altered voice]
- Monica: Hey, aren’t you up next? [line_index=4; stage=to Phoebe]
- Phoebe: Oh no, I’m not playing tonight. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Why not? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: I can’t follow Ross! It’d be like those bicycle ridding chimps that followed The Beetles . No. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Phoebe, Ross sucks! [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Phoebe, the place has emptied because of him. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Oh my God, he’s not even appreciated in his own time. I would give anything to not be appreciated in my own time! [line_index=10]

## Scene s04e07_sc17 | Central Perk
Description: Rachel and Monica look at each other, and agree on something without saying anything.

- Monica: Okay. Umm, Phoebe, you suck too. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Yeah, Phoebe you’re… awful! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: You guys. You suck too. [line_index=2; stage=She hugs them both.]

## Scene s04e07_sc18 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is opening the door, but Chandler has the chain on it.

- Joey: Aww man! I can’t believe I locked myself out again! [line_index=0; stage=He knocks on the door.]
- Chandler: Hang on buddy! [line_index=1; stage=He goes over and unlocks the door and opens it to reveal a fully furnished apartment.]
- Joey: Oh my God! What happened here? Did you do all this? [line_index=2; stage=rushing in]
- Chandler: I sure did. [line_index=3]
- Joey: Why? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Well, I just thought it’d make me feel good to do something nice for my friend. [line_index=5]
- Joey: Well, you’re amazing. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Oh no-no-no. This is amazing. [line_index=7; stage=He goes over and presses a button on a remote control that opens the entertainment center doors revealing the TV.]
- Joey: A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That’s the dream! Man, how did you afford this stuff? [line_index=8; emotions=joy; stage=very excited]
- Chandler: Well, y’know I’m 29. I mean who needs a savings account. [line_index=9]
- Joey: Oh, you are the best friends anyone has ever had. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Oh, I don’t know. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Oh-no-no-no, you are! You do this, you give me the great advice, and hey listen, I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman, I’m gonna do that. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: You mean with Casey. [line_index=13]
- Joey: No-no-no, I think I’m gonna see how things go with Kathy. She’s pretty cool. [line_index=14]
- Chandler: Or Casey. [line_index=15]
- Joey: No-no, Kathy. [line_index=16]
- Chandler: Could be Casey. [line_index=17]
- Joey: No. No, Kathy. [line_index=18]
- Chandler: Consider Casey. [line_index=19]
- Joey: Y’know what I think? I think somebody’s got a little crush on Casey. How ‘bout I fix you two up? What do you think? [line_index=20]
- Chandler: That all the pieces of my life are falling right into place! [line_index=21]

## Scene s04e07_sc19 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Ross has just finished playing.

- Ross: Hey! [line_index=0; stage=to Phoebe]
- Phoebe: Hey! You were really great! You were really, really great! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Oh, thanks, thanks. So Monica tells me that uh, you don’t want to play anymore because me and y'know my talent. Is that true? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Well, kinda. Yeah. Yeah. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Pheebs… [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I-I can’t—I mean y’know I was trying to be really y'know okay and upbeat about it, I just—I feel so dwarfed by your musical gift. I… [line_index=5]
- Ross: See but, Pheebs that-that is the exact opposite intent of my music. Y’know my music is-is meant to inspire, and if it bothers you this much, then I… I won’t play anymore. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Oh no. No-no-no, don’t do that! How could I live with myself if I knew I was depriving the world of your music. [line_index=7]
- Ross: Yeah, okay. [line_index=8]

## Scene s04e07_sc20 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Rachel and Monica are sitting on the couch and Phoebe is getting coffee as Chandler enters. Ross is also there.

- Ross: Hey Chandler! Saw the new furniture. Very nice. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Yeah! Joey has the best boyfriend ever! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I kissed Kathy. [line_index=2]
- Ross: What? [line_index=3]
- Monica: Are you serious? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Does Joey know? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: No. Is there anyway, anyway you think he’ll understand this? [line_index=6]
- Monica: You obviously haven’t screwed over a lot of your friends. Which we all appreciate. [line_index=7; stage=They all look at her]
- Ross: No the-the sad thing is, if you had told him how you felt before you kissed her, knowing Joey, he probably just would’ve just stepped aside. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Oh, don’t say that! Don’t say that. That’s not true. Is it? [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: I think maybe, yeah. [line_index=10]
- Monica: He loves you. [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Then why didn’t you tell me to do that?!! [line_index=12]
- Ross: Well, I said-I said something to Phoebe. [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: Yeah! No, that’s right. And I thought it was a really good idea. [line_index=14]
- Rachel: I know, I remember that! [line_index=15]
- Monica: I remember you did. [line_index=16]
- Chandler: God!! What am I gonna do?! [line_index=17; stage=Sits down in disgust.]
- Rachel: Well, Chandler, you’re gonna have to tell him. [line_index=18]
- Chandler: Why?! Why do I have to tell him?! [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Because you do. [line_index=20]
- Chandler: Yeah, I know. [line_index=21]
- Ross: Hey, would it be okay if I wrote a song about this. [line_index=22]

## Scene s04e07_sc21 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is watching TV as Chandler enters.

- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Hey! Samboucha Margarita? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Is that a real thing? [line_index=2]
- Joey: Well, we only had samboucha, so it is now. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Listen ah, Joe, I-I need to, I need to talk to you about something. [line_index=4]
- Joey: What’s up? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: It’s-it’s about Kathy. Umm, uh, I like her. I like her a lot actually. [line_index=6]
- Joey: You do? [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Yeah. [line_index=8]
- Joey: Well, you’re timing couldn’t be better. She’s not my girlfriend anymore. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=10]
- Joey: Yeah, she broke up with me. [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Oh uh, when? [line_index=12]
- Joey: Just now, after acting class. At first I thought she was doing some kind of scene, that’s why I let people watch. [line_index=13]
- Chandler: Oh man, I am so sorry. Are, are you okay? [line_index=14]
- Joey: Well, I’ve been better. But, I’m all right. So you like her huh? [line_index=15]
- Chandler: Yes, but I-I uh, don’t have too. [line_index=16]
- Joey: No-no-no, no it’s uh, it’s okay. [line_index=17]
- Chandler: Yeah? [line_index=18]
- Joey: Yeah. You know why? ‘Cause you came to me first. [line_index=19]
- Chandler: Well, I thought that would be the best thing to do. [line_index=20]
- Joey: But hey, listen just so you know, you might have you’re work cut out for you. ‘Cause when I talked to her, I kinda got the feeling that she’s into some other guy. So… [line_index=21]
- Chandler: See uh, that’s-that’s actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I-I think I know who the other guy is. [line_index=22]
- Joey: Who? [line_index=23]
- Chandler: It’s me. I’m the other guy. [line_index=24]
- Joey: What? [line_index=25]
- Chandler: Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and… [line_index=26]
- Joey: And what?! Did you sleep with her?! [line_index=27]
- Chandler: No! No! No! I just kissed her. [line_index=28]
- Joey: What?!! That’s even worse!! [line_index=29]
- Chandler: How is that worse?! [line_index=30]
- Joey: I don’t know! But it’s the same! [line_index=31]
- Chandler: Look, I’m sorry! But there’s nothing I can do, I think I’m in love with her! [line_index=32]
- Joey: Who cares?! You went behind my back! I would never do that to you! [line_index=33]
- Chandler: You’re right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line. [line_index=34]
- Joey: Over the line?! You-you’re-you’re so far past the line, that you-you can’t even see the line! The line is a dot to you! [line_index=35]
- Chandler: Yes. Yes! Right! And I feel horrible. You have to believe me! [line_index=36]
- Joey: Is that why you bought all this stuff?! Well, y’know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there’s a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I’m not gonna eat! You know why?! [line_index=37; stage=Chandler makes a face like "Well, kinda."]
- Chandler: Probably because… [line_index=38]
- Joey: Because it’s all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I’m not happy about you either. Oh, and just so you know, I made that bread for you. [line_index=39; stage=The bread maker dings Joey walks into his bedroom and slams the door.]

## Scene s04e07_sc22 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Ross is playing his music. Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel are sitting on the couch.

- Phoebe: Oh my God, he’s lost it. He’s totally lost it. [line_index=0]
- Monica: What? [line_index=1; stage=removing ear plugs]
- Rachel: Phoebe, his music could not get any worse. There are rats in the basement that are hanging themselves. [line_index=2]

## Scene s04e07_sc23 | Central Perk
Description: Ross finally finishes with the same crash, and gets some applause.

- Ross: Thank you, thanks. Yeah, I lost it. Y’know, I’m not gonna play anymore, would you, can you finish my set? [line_index=0; stage=Sits down next to the girls to Phoebe]
- Phoebe: After that? Yeah! No, I mean if I can help. [line_index=1]

## Scene s04e07_sc24 | Central Perk
Description: Phoebe gets up and goes to play, Ross goes over and sits down next to Monica and Rachel.

- Ross: Yeah, like I could lose it. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=1]
- Ross: I played bad on purpose guys. [line_index=2]

## Scene s04e07_sc25 | Central Perk
Description: Both Monica and Rachel laugh.

- Monica: Okay, so you were trying to play bad this whole time. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Yeah—no, just that last song. [line_index=1]
