---
episode_id: s04e05
title: The One With Joey's New Girlfriend
season: 4
episode: 5
---

# S04E05 The One With Joey's New Girlfriend

## Scene s04e05_sc01 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, the gang's all there. Ross has a slip of paper that he throws on the ground tying to get Rachel's attention.

- Ross: Hello! What's this? Oh right its that girl's phone number. Yeah-yeah, there it is, just a phone number a really hot girl gave me. It's no big deal, I mean it is her home phone number, but... Whoa! Whoa-whoops, I almost lost this baby! Yeah, the lovely Amanda gives me her number and I-I go and drop it. [line_index=0; stage=picking up the slip of paper Rachel ignores him He holds it so that Rachel can see it, she continues to ignore him Rachel still ignores him Throws it in her lap He waves it in front of Rachel's face. Then suddenly Phoebe has to sneeze and Rachel quickly grabs the slip of paper and gives it to Phoebe for her to sneeze into.]
- Phoebe: Thank you. [line_index=1]

## Scene s04e05_sc02 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, the next morning. Chandler, Monica, Ross, and Rachel are there.

- Gunther: Rachel? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Yeah? [line_index=1]
- Gunther: When's your birthday? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: May fifth, why? [line_index=3]
- Gunther: Oh, I-I'm just making a list of people's birthdays. [line_index=4]
- Ross: Oh, mine's December... [line_index=5]
- Gunther: Yeah, whatever. [line_index=6; stage=Walks away]

## Scene s04e05_sc03 | Central Perk
Description: Chandler is talking to Monica and notices a beautiful woman.

- Chandler: Ohh, she's pretty. Pretty ahh, pretty girl, the pretty--she's pretty. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Just go up to her and ask her out. Oh, what's the worst thing that could happen? [line_index=1; stage=Chandler laughs]
- Chandler: I could die. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Yeah, it's-it's tough being single. That's why I'm so glad I found Amanda. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Ross, you guys went out once. You took your kids to Chucky Cheese , and you didn't even kiss her. [line_index=4]

## Scene s04e05_sc04 | Ross glares at Chandler
Description: Ross glares at Chandler.

- Chandler: I tell people secrets. It makes them like me. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh. [line_index=1; stage=entering]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=2; stage=Phoebe sneezes]
- Monica: Phoebe! You're sick, you shouldn't play. You should just go home, get in bed, and stay there. [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: But I'm unemployed, my music is all I really have now. Well music, and making my own shoes. Pretty, huh? [line_index=4; stage=in a nasally voice, from her cold She puts her shoe on the table, and it's horribly decorated Sneezes]
- Chandler: All right, I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna get shot down. Any advice? [line_index=5]
- Monica: Just be yourself. But, not too much. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Wish me luck. [line_index=7; stage=gets up softly]
- Ross: Good luck! [line_index=8; stage=loudly]
- Chandler: Wish it! Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that? [line_index=9; stage=To the woman, Kathy, he likes]
- Kathy: No, you didn't. Hi, I'm Kathy. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Uh Kathy, with K or a C? [line_index=11]
- Kathy: With a K. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: Oh-oh-hey! [line_index=13]
- Kathy: Wow! You are really good at this. [line_index=14]
- Chandler: Hey, come on, give me a break, I'm out on a limb here. [line_index=15]
- Kathy: I'm sorry, you're right, I apologize, but I should tell you that I'm waiting for a date. Oh, and there he is now. [line_index=16; stage=Joey enters]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=17]
- Chandler: Hey! Hey, hey-hey, hey. [line_index=18; stage=Joey kisses Kathy.]
- Joey: Hey, I see you guys already met, huh? [line_index=19]
- Chandler: Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth. [line_index=20]
- Joey: Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off. [line_index=21]
- Phoebe: Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People. [line_index=22]

## Scene s04e05_sc05 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is walking into the living room having just gotten up in the middle of the night.

- Chandler: Hi! [line_index=0; stage=sees Kathy is up watching TV]
- Kathy: Hi. [line_index=1]
- Jeez, at 2: 30 in the morning, I didn't expect to have to fight over the remote. [line_index=2]
- Kathy: I'm sorry, it's just this Ernie Cofax thing on in a few minutes I wanted to watch. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Oh my God! That's why I got up too! [line_index=4]
- Kathy: You're kidding! Oh, I love him. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Hey, listen, I'm sorry about this afternoon, y'know, if I would've known you guys were... I never would've... [line_index=6]
- Kathy: Oh please! [line_index=7]
- Chandler: So ah, Joey tells me you two met in acting class. [line_index=8]
- Kathy: Yeah, they teamed us up as partners. Joey picked three scenes for us to do; all of them had us making out. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me rehearse with him. [line_index=10]
- Kathy: Oh-oh-oh-oh! [line_index=11; stage=laughs]
- Chandler: Is it on? [line_index=12]
- Kathy: No, but this wonder broom is amazing! [line_index=13]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=14; stage=Runs over and gets his wonder broom]
- Kathy: Oh my God! [line_index=15]
- Chandler: Oh! It's on! It's on! [line_index=16]

## Scene s04e05_sc06 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler jumps into the canoe and sits down. The chick starts chirping and Chandler reaches down to pick him up.

- Chandler: There we go little fella. [line_index=0]
- Kathy: What about the duck? [line_index=1; stage=laughs]
- Chandler: Well the duck can swim. [line_index=2]
- Kathy: Oh, jeez. [line_index=3; stage=Hits him]

## Scene s04e05_sc07 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, the next night, Phoebe is finishing up her set.

- All: Way to go, Phoebe! [line_index=0]
- Monica: That cold makes you sound so great. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: It's fun, God I love how sexy I am. [line_index=2; stage=Coughs really loudly.]
- Joey: Oh, Kath, we should get going. We're going to by hamsters. [line_index=3]
- All: Ooh, that's great, I love those little guys. [line_index=4]
- Kathy: No, no, it's not like that. I, I work for a medical researcher. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Well, have fun! [line_index=6]
- Kathy: Okay. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Well, I think it's great that the medical community is finally trying to help sick hamsters. [line_index=8]
- Monica: Y'know what, I like Kathy. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Oh yeah, me too, she's so cool and pretty. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Yeah, she's... [line_index=11]
- Chandler: She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the funniest thing about--what? [line_index=12]
- Rachel: You love her. [line_index=13]
- Chandler: No, I don't. [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: Yes, you do. Chandler loves Kathy. [line_index=15]
- Ross: Come on, Pheebs lay off him. [line_index=16]
- Chandler: Thank you, Ross. [line_index=17]
- Ross: Yeah, he's a little sensitive right now, `cause he's so in love. [line_index=18]
- Chandler: All right. [line_index=19]
- All: Ohh! [line_index=20]
- Chandler: All right. [line_index=21]
- Monica: Ooh, umm, oh Kathy! Kathy, I love you! Oh! [line_index=22; stage=turning around and doing that, "I'm making out with someone," thing with her hands She turns around and sees Gunther staring at her and stops suddenly.]

## Scene s04e05_sc08 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe and Monica are there.

- Phoebe: So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad has ever really happened to me. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Oh umm, how about your mom dying, or having to live on the streets when you were 14? [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, I could write about the time my hair did that "Woo-hoo" thing. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Hey! [line_index=3; stage=entering]
- Monica: Hey! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Hey. [line_index=5]
- Ross: So I'm going over to Amanda's tonight! [line_index=6; stage=loudly]
- Monica: Rachel's not here. [line_index=7]
- Ross: Oh. [line_index=8]
- Monica: How's it going with her? [line_index=9]
- Ross: Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play together and then when they're asleep, I'm thinking Amanda and I break open a bottle of wine, and do a little "playing" ourselves. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Hi guys! This is Josh. Josh, these are my friends, and that's Ross. [line_index=11; stage=entering, with a guy]
- Monica: Hi, Josh. [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Hi. [line_index=13]
- Josh: Dudes. [line_index=14]
- Monica: So, did you play in college? sweatshirt he's wearing.) [line_index=15; stage=She points to his NYU Soccer (football for the rest of the world]
- Josh: Oh, I still do. Next year, I hope to make varsity though. [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Ross, didn't you ah, play soccer in High School? Oh no wait, that's right. You just organized their game schedules on your Commodore 64. [line_index=17]
- Josh: Well, it's getting late, I've got to get to the game, so I'm gonna... head. [line_index=18]
- Rachel: Okay. I'll miss you. [line_index=19; stage=He starts to leave, and Rachel grabs him and gives him a passionate kiss.]
- Josh: Dope! [line_index=20; stage=exits]
- Phoebe: Wow, cute one! [line_index=21]
- Monica: Very! [line_index=22]
- Rachel: I know, isn't he great? It's so nice to finally be in a fun relationship, y'know? There's nothing boring about him, and ah, I bet he's never set foot in a museum. [line_index=23]
- Ross: Well maybe he'll get to go soon, like on a class trip or something. [line_index=24]
- Rachel: Y'know what else is really great about him, oh, what is the word for the adult that doesn't have dinosaur toys in their bedroom? [line_index=25]
- Ross: Oh! [line_index=26; stage=He bangs his fists together.]
- Rachel: What was that? [line_index=27]
- Ross: Monica knows. [line_index=28]
- Monica: It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of giving the finger, without actually having to give it. I remember I cried the night you made it up, `cause it was the first time that I realized that I was actually cooler than my older brother. [line_index=29]
- Ross: Well, I'm gonna go get ready, for my date tonight, so ah, I'll just_ head. [line_index=30; stage=Gives Monica the fist thing.]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I should go to, `cause I'm playing in one hour. Hey, you guys should come hear me, ooh hear me. Ooh, My sticky shoes --eww! Eww! I lost my sexy phlegm! [line_index=31; stage=clears her voice and in her normal voice tries to sing]

## Scene s04e05_sc09 | Amanda's apartment
Description: Amanda's apartment, Ross is arriving with Ben.

- Amanda: Hi! [line_index=0; stage=opening the door]
- Ross: Hi! [line_index=1]
- Amanda: Hi Ben! [line_index=2]
- Ross: Wow! You-you look great! [line_index=3]
- Amanda: Thanks! [line_index=4]
- Ross: Okay! Hey Tommy. [line_index=5; stage=she lets him in to her son]
- Amanda: I am so glad that you could come over tonight. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Oh no-no-no, it's my pleasure. [line_index=7]
- Amanda: Okay, well, my cell phone number is right here on the counter, please help yourself to anything in the fridge. [line_index=8]
- Ross: What? [line_index=9]
- Amanda: I appreciate this soo much, I've been trying to go out with this guy for like a month. [line_index=10]
- Ross: I-I-I... [line_index=11]
- Amanda: Oh, I don't mean to be a square, but I'd really appreciate it if you wait and drink your wine after the kids are asleep? Oh uh, thanks for this, I hope I can do the same for you sometime. [line_index=12; stage=noticing the bottle of wine he has She leaves]
- Ross: Who wants to make some long distance calls? [line_index=13]

## Scene s04e05_sc10 | A street
Description: A street, Chandler is buying a newspaper and notices Kathy running by.

- Chandler: Kathy! Kathy! Hi!! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Fetch! Fetch it! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy. [line_index=0; stage=She doesn't hear him and keeps running, Chandler starts chasing her as the theme to The Mod Squad starts to play. First, a car almost hits him and then gets mustard splashed on him as he runs by a hot dog vendor. He keeps running and gets tangled up in the leashes of five dogs, in desperation he throws his paper. He frees himself and resumes the chase He now trips and falls into a pile of garbage, he tries to get up and scream her name again but he has a piece of spinach in his mouth. He gets out of the garbage and starts crossing the street by running over the hoods of a couple of cabs. He jumps in front of her and out of breath he says]
- Kathy: Hey, Chandler! What are you doing here? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Oh, I just wanted to say, "Hey!" [line_index=2]
- Kathy: Hey! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Okay. [line_index=4; stage=He walks away disgusted with himself.]

## Scene s04e05_sc11 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is telling Monica about his new baby sitting job.

- Monica: Oh come on! You're making it sound worse than it actually was. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Her date tipped me ten dollars. [line_index=1; stage=Monica laughs]

## Scene s04e05_sc12 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Phoebe runs into the kitchen with wet hair, opens the window, and sticks her head outside.

- Ross: Pheebs, what are you doing? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Okay, I wanna be sexy again so I'm trying to catch a cold. It should be easy, supposedly they're pretty common. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Phoebe, you'll catch pneumonia. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Okay. You were right. I'm in love with Joey's girlfriend. [line_index=3; stage=entering]
- Phoebe: What?! [line_index=4]
- Ross: Are you serious? [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Well, how-how-how is that possible? You barely know her! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a horrible person. No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler! [line_index=7; stage=he waits for a reaction, when he doesn't get one]
- Monica: Oh gosh, Phoebe, I think I caught your cold. [line_index=8; stage=sneezes]
- Phoebe: You mean you stole it! Don't cover your mouth when you do that! [line_index=9; stage=Monica sneezes again]

## Scene s04e05_sc13 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Joey and Kathy enter, laughing

- Joey: Hey. [line_index=0]
- Kathy: We were just talking about you. [line_index=1; stage=to Chandler]
- Chandler: Really?! [line_index=2]
- Joey: Yeah-yeah, I told her about the time you got drunk and fell asleep with your head in the toilet. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Right in there! [line_index=4; stage=laughs]

## Scene s04e05_sc14 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is playing Hide-and-Go-Seek with the chick and the duck.

- Chandler: 99...100! Ready or not, here I come! All right, let's go over the concept one more time. [line_index=0; stage=He opens his eyes and sees that the chick and the duck are still sitting in front of him]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=1; stage=entering]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=2]
- Joey: Hey guys. Listen uh, you wanna get some dinner with me and Kathy tonight? [line_index=3; stage=to Chandler]
- Chandler: Ohh, umm, y'know what, I already ate. [line_index=4]
- It's 4: 30. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Y'know I had a big meal on Monday, y'know. So that's just gonna get me straight through the week. [line_index=6]
- Joey: Okay, I see what's going on here. [line_index=7]
- Chandler: You-you do? [line_index=8]
- Joey: Yeah! You don't like Kathy. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: You got me. [line_index=10]
- Joey: Yeah, you've been avoiding her ever since we started going out. Look, I made an effort to like Janice, now I think it's your turn to make an effort to like Kathy by going out to dinner with us. Right? [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Yeah. Right. [line_index=12]
- Joey: Good, and hey! My treat. But that's only because you're not eating anything, right? [line_index=13; stage=He turns to go into his bedroom then stops.]
- Chandler: Okay. [line_index=14]

## Scene s04e05_sc15 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is returning from a date with Josh, and when they get the door open, Rachel turns and passionately kisses Josh.

- Monica: Ross isn't here. [line_index=0; stage=lying on the couch suffering from her cold]
- Rachel: Oh. Stop it! [line_index=1; stage=She tries to walk away from Josh, by he keeps holding her]
- Josh: So I'll see you at the party? Beer's beer man, 24, 7!! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Yeah! I am soo gonna marry that guy. Ohhh! [line_index=3; emotions=sarcasm; stage=Monica gives a sarcastic thumbs up Josh leaves looking in her wallet]
- Monica: What? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: I think he's stealing from me. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Why? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Because he's stealing from me! [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Hi! It's me. And soup. Hey, I just saw Josh, he looks so yummy in your leather jacket. [line_index=8; stage=entering to Rachel]
- Rachel: Ughh! [line_index=9; stage=Storms out after him]
- Phoebe: Here, now I don't eat chicken, so it's just noodle soup. And there's no chicken in the broth either, so it's really just... noodle water. [line_index=10; stage=to Monica]
- Monica: Thank you so much Phoebe. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Sure. [line_index=12; stage=picking up Monica's used Kleenex and putting some in her pocket.]
- Monica: What are you doing with those?! [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: But, I need your germs! I want my cold back! I miss my sexy voice. [line_index=14]
- Monica: Sorry, Phoebe. [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: It's okay. How's the soup? [line_index=16]
- Monica: Umm. [line_index=17; stage=nodding her head, "Good."]

## Scene s04e05_sc16 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica sets the soup down and Phoebe picks it up and licks the rim.

- Monica: Ohhhh!! Gross!! [line_index=0]

## Scene s04e05_sc17 | A nightclub
Description: A nightclub, Chandler is having dinner with Kathy and Joey.

- Kathy: Ohh, God, guys, check it out, you can see that girl's underwear! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Is she great or what? [line_index=1]
- Kathy: So? Huh? What do you think? [line_index=2; stage=to Chandler]
- Chandler: Ohh, she's-she's not really my type. [line_index=3]
- Kathy: Not your type?! She's gorgeous! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my father in fishnet stockings. [line_index=5]
- Kathy: Okay. Understanding a little more why you're single. Ohh! Y'know, I have a friend you would like, she's really pretty. And then we could double date! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Uhh, no-no thanks. [line_index=7]
- Kathy: Okay, I've got some ugly friends, and they're all available too. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Listen, I-I'm gonna grab a beer. [line_index=9; stage=Leaves]
- Joey: I'll be right back. What was that? [line_index=10; stage=to Kathy to Chandler]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=11]
- Joey: Kathy was being really nice and you just walked away. I thought we had a deal. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: Hey, look, what do you want from me? [line_index=13]
- Joey: I want you to like her! But if that's too damned difficult for you, then the least you can do is pretend. [line_index=14]
- Chandler: I am pretending. [line_index=15]
- Joey: Well then, do it better! [line_index=16]
- Chandler: Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!! [line_index=17; stage=Joey gives him a thumbs up]
- Joey: Well, that's pretty good. But you might wanna tone it down a little. [line_index=18]

## Scene s04e05_sc18 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are there.

- Ross: Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she's...uh, she's old enough to drive. So uhh, I guess you're not going to mom and dad's tonight? [line_index=0; stage=entering to Monica]
- Monica: No, sorry. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Well where's Amanda? [line_index=2]
- Monica: Hey Rach, could you get me some cough drops? [line_index=3]
- Rachel: I mean y'know, I'm thinking. You could bring her, and you guys could go up to your old room, and not make out. [line_index=4]
- Monica: Ross, cough drops, please? [line_index=5]
- Ross: At least I know she's not going out with me to get into R rated movies. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Why don't you just marry her? Oh no, wait a minute you can't, I'm sorry I forgot, she's not a lesbian. [line_index=7]
- Ross: You see Amanda and I have a very special... [line_index=8]
- Monica: You have nothing! You're not even going out! You're her baby sitter! You have a 12-year-old girl's job! [line_index=9; stage=interrupting]
- Rachel: Ohh, that is soo sad. [line_index=10; emotions=joy; stage=laughing]
- Monica: And what are you laughing at, Miss `My-keg-sucking-boyfriend-is-stealing-from-me!' [line_index=11]

## Scene s04e05_sc19 | Ross starts laughing
Description: Ross starts laughing

- Rachel: Hey, so he stole a couple bucks from me! At least he bought me something with it! [line_index=0; stage=Shows her, her ring]
- Monica: That's mine!! Now, would you both please start acting like adults? And get me my cough drops! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Fine. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Sorry. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Here. At least I made ten bucks in my relationship. [line_index=4; stage=Hands her, her cough drops to Rachel]
- Rachel: Y'know... [line_index=5]

## Scene s04e05_sc20 | Ross starts laughing
Description: She does Ross's little gesture. In response Ross puts his hands behind his neck with his arms sticking straight out and starts flapping them together.


## Scene s04e05_sc21 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe is there with her guitar.

- Phoebe: Platting goats are platting. Platting down the street. Platting goats are platting, leaving little treats . Does it even work without my sexy voice? [line_index=0; stage=singing to Gunther]
- Gunther: I like it. [line_index=1; stage=sneezes]
- Phoebe: Gunther, kiss me. [line_index=2]
- Gunther: What? [line_index=3]

## Scene s04e05_sc22 | Central Perk
Description: Phoebe grabs Gunther and kisses him. He then falls to the couch in shock.


## Scene s04e05_sc23 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is watching TV as Joey and Kathy are laughing in Joey's bedroom. They get to be pretty loud so Chandler turns the TV way up.

- Joey: Hey! Now, we're not actually gonna be sleeping in her, but do you mind? [line_index=0; stage=opening the door wearing nothing but a sock, and holding a dart board over the `Little General.' Chandler turns down the TV]

## Scene s04e05_sc24 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, with a blanket draped over her shoulders, opens the door to a similarly clad Chandler.

- Chandler: Can I sleep on your couch? [line_index=0]

## Scene s04e05_sc25 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica nods `Yes.' And they both walk to the couch looking all depressed.


## Scene s04e05_sc26 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe is singing, with everyone else present.

- Phoebe: And I'm still waiting for my paper mache man . Thank you my babies. [line_index=0; stage=singing]
- Gunther: Rachel? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=2]
- Gunther: I don't know if you heard about what happened between me and Phoebe the other day_ [line_index=3]
- Rachel: No! [line_index=4]
- Gunther: Well, we kissed. I-I-I didn't initiate the kiss, but-but I also didn't stop it, and I've been feeling guilty. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Okay. [line_index=6; emotions=confusion; stage=confused]
- Gunther: So umm, are we cool? [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Okay. [line_index=8; emotions=confusion; stage=really confused]
- Gunther: I knew you'd understand. [line_index=9]

## Scene s04e05_sc27 | Central Perk
Description: Gunther walks away, leaving Rachel with a `What just happened?' look on her face.
