---
episode_id: s04e06
title: The One With The Dirty Girl
season: 4
episode: 6
---

# S04E06 The One With The Dirty Girl

## Scene s04e06_sc01 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Ross and a beautiful blonde (Cheryl) are standing outside. The rest of the gang is watching from inside.


## Scene s04e06_sc02 | Monica and Rachel's. Ross
Description: Monica and Rachel's. Ross, Rachel, and Phoebe are there. Chandler enters.


## Scene s04e06_sc03 | Outside Cheryl's apartment
Description: Outside Cheryl's apartment, Ross and Cheryl are kissing


## Scene s04e06_sc04 | A kitchen where Phoebe and Monica are finishing up a catering job
Description: A kitchen where Phoebe and Monica are finishing up a catering job


## Scene s04e06_sc05 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is on the couch still doing the crossword. Chandler is in the kitchen.


## Scene s04e06_sc06 | Back in the kitchen at the funeral. Phoebe is there
Description: Back in the kitchen at the funeral. Phoebe is there, Monica enters.


## Scene s04e06_sc07 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Ross and Joey are standing and talking, Ross is tying a tie.


## Scene s04e06_sc08 | Monica and Rachel
Description: Monica and Rachel, Rachel is there, Chandler enters.


## Scene s04e06_sc09 | In the living room at the funeral
Description: In the living room at the funeral


## Scene s04e06_sc10 | Outside Cheryl's apartment
Description: Outside Cheryl's apartment.


## Scene s04e06_sc11 | Central Perk. Rachel is sitting on the couch alone working on a crossword puzzle. Gunther is there
Description: Central Perk. Rachel is sitting on the couch alone working on a crossword puzzle. Gunther is there, going into the back room.


## Scene s04e06_sc12 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is there, Joey enters.


## Scene s04e06_sc13 | Outside Cheryl's apartment
Description: Outside Cheryl's apartment, Monica knocks on Cheryl's door
