---
episode_id: s04e16
title: The One With The Fake Party
season: 4
episode: 16
---

# S04E16 The One With The Fake Party

## Scene s04e16_sc01 | Monica and Rachel's erm
Description: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe are there. Phoebe is stressing out about something.

- Monica: What is it hon? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: I-I can’t find anything that I want to eat! Everything I eat makes me nauseous! I’m telling you, being pregnant is no piece of cake—ooh! Cake! No. [line_index=1; stage=Chandler shrugs, and Phoebe grimaces.]
- Monica: Aww, honey I’m sorry. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: God! Ooh! What is that smell? It’s coming from the bathroom. Ooh! [line_index=3]

## Scene s04e16_sc02 | Monica and Rachel's erm
Description: She goes to the bathroom.

- Chandler: Wow! Pregnancy does give you some weird cravings. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Yeah? [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: It’s me. It’s Phoebe. Listen there’s something in here I want to eat, what-what smells so good? [line_index=2]

## Scene s04e16_sc03 | Monica and Rachel's erm
Description: Joey sticks his head out of the shower curtain.

- Joey: Is it the shampoo? It’s guava. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: No! [line_index=1; stage=she smells his head]
- Joey: Oh! Wait-wait! Is it my bologna sandwich? [line_index=2; stage=Reaches inside the shower.]
- Phoebe: Yes. Yes. Yes. I can’t believe it! The baby wants bologna! Maybe he wants me to eat meat? I can’t eat meat! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Oh, wait-wait! Maybe it’s a pickle?! [line_index=4; stage=Reaches into the shower again.]

## Scene s04e16_sc04 | Monica and Rachel's erm
Description: Phoebe grimaces at the smell.


## Scene s04e16_sc05 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Chandler, Monica, Joey and Rachel are there. Rachel is writing something on a pad, and then crumples it up and throws it on the floor.

- Chandler: What are you writing? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Well, Joshua’s coming in tomorrow and since I don’t have the guts to ask him out, I’m going to sell him a coat and put this note in the pocket. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Oh yeah? Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you never go out of style—what did you throw away? [line_index=2; stage=He grabs the pad and starts reading it. Pause]

## Scene s04e16_sc06 | Ross and Emily enter
Description: Ross and Emily enter.

- Chandler: Hi guys! [line_index=0]
- All: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Joey: Hey, what have you guys been up too? [line_index=2]
- Ross: Oh, we went to see a collection of Victorian doorknobs and the Cupert-Hewitt museum. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Without me?! [line_index=4]
- Emily: My uncle dragged us there. But, it actually it turned out to be really interesting. [line_index=5]
- Ross: Yeah. [line_index=6]
- Emily: They were so ornate and beautiful, I mean look at that! [line_index=7; stage=Shows them a doorknob she has.]
- Monica: I don’t know how museums work in England but, here, you’re not supposed to take stuff. [line_index=8]
- Emily: I uh, I got it from the gift shop. They have really lax security there. It’s a joke. [line_index=9; stage=Chandler is shocked. They all laugh.]
- Ross: Bye. [line_index=10; stage=They kiss.]
- Emily: Right, I’ve got to be off, I’ll see ya. Buh-bye then. [line_index=11; stage=She leaves.]
- Joey: Wow! You guys seem to be having a good time. [line_index=12]
- Ross: Oh yeah, she’s-she’s amazing. And-and she’s so much fun. And! Y’know what? When I’m with her, I’m fun! I even signed up for helicopter classes. She’s leaving in two days, I don’t have to do it. [line_index=13; stage=Chandler is shocked.]
- Monica: Oh no, two days, you must be bummed. [line_index=14]
- Ross: Yeah, she’s got to go back to London. But you know what? I’ve been prepared for this from the start. We both knew we had two weeks together, and that’s it. Y’know. [line_index=15]
- Joey: Hey that’s what all my relationships are like. [line_index=16]
- Chandler: Yes, but in Ross’s case, they both know in two weeks that’s it. [line_index=17]

## Scene s04e16_sc07 | Phoebe enters
Description: Phoebe enters.

- Ross: Pheebs! [line_index=0]
- All: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hello! Hello! [line_index=2; stage=starts rubbing her belly]
- Phoebe: Yes! I know! I know! Yeah! So the baby is totally craving meat. This afternoon I tried tricking it, I made it a soy-burger to make it think it was getting meat, y’know? And I got nauseous. [line_index=3; stage=angered by the rubbing]
- Chandler: Maybe that’s because soy-burgers suck! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Being pregnant is tough on your tummy. [line_index=5]
- Joey: Hey, but at least you got that cool, pregnant lady glow. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: That’s sweat. You throw up all morning, you’ll have that glow too. [line_index=7]

## Scene s04e16_sc08 | Bloomingdale’s
Description: Bloomingdale’s , Rachel is preparing to slip Joshua the note.

- Joshua: Okay! [line_index=0; stage=coming in from a changing room]
- Rachel: Oh, here’s that trench-coat that you wanted. [line_index=1]
- Joshua: Oh great! Wow! Yeah, it’s comfortable. [line_index=2; stage=He tries on the coat.]
- Rachel: Yeah? [line_index=3]
- Joshua: Man, I could really flash somebody in this thing. [line_index=4; stage=He goes to put his hands in his pockets.]
- Rachel: Oh no-no, no-no, they don’t want you to put your hands in the pockets until you are out of the store. [line_index=5; stage=stopping him]
- Joshua: Why not?! [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Well, that’s because of a lot of… [line_index=7; stage=She imitates someone picking their nose and placing the treasure found in the pockets.]
- Joshua: Y’know, they ruin it for everybody. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: I know! [line_index=9]
- Joshua: Y’know, I wore that cashmere sweater on a date last night. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Oh? [line_index=11]
- Joshua: Yeah, it was my first date since the uh, since the divorce. [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Well, congratulations, so do you love her? [line_index=13]
- Joshua: No, no, no, she’s nice but, y’know, it just it made me realize that I’m just not, I’m just not ready to be dating, y’know? [line_index=14]
- Rachel: Huh. Well, uh, that’s uh, that’s interesting. [line_index=15; stage=She goes over and retrieves her note.]
- Joshua: Hey-whoa-hey-hey, what was that? [line_index=16; stage=noticing her]
- Rachel: Oh, it’s just an anti-theft device. [line_index=17]
- Joshua: Then uh, what’s-what’s this? [line_index=18; stage=Shows her the real anti-theft device.]
- Rachel: You need that, you need that too ‘cause obviously, a thief could just tear this up. [line_index=19; stage=Rips up the note.]

## Scene s04e16_sc09 | Monica and Rachel's erm
Description: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, Ross is writing on the Magna-Doodle as Rachel enters.

- Rachel: Oops, sorry. Listen, we-we have to have a party tonight! Actually, we have to have one in five minutes, so everybody cancel your plans. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: What are you talking about? [line_index=1]
- Joey: Yeah, what’ going on? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it’s actually for Joshua. Look, he said he’s not ready to date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I have the perfect opportunity to seduce him! [line_index=3; stage=Starts handing out party hats. Hands Ross a party hat.]
- Ross: Well, as much as I’d like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren’t going to be here. All right? I mean, she’s going to come by first to say good-bye, and then I’ve got a whole special evening planned. So I’m sorry, no party. [line_index=4]
- Joey: Awwww! [line_index=5]
- Emily: Hello? [line_index=6; stage=entering]
- Rachel: Surprise!!! [line_index=7]
- Emily: No one’s ever thrown me a surprise party before! [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Well, it was all Ross’s idea. [line_index=9]
- Emily: You’re so sweet! And I’m so surprised! [line_index=10]
- Ross: You really didn’t know? [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Why are you in here if Joshua is all the way over there? [line_index=12; stage=Points to the living room.]
- Rachel: Uhh, because I’m trying to play hard to get. Oh, quick he’s looking over here, say something funny. [line_index=13]
- Chandler: Like what? [line_index=14]

## Scene s04e16_sc10 | Rachel laughs hysterically
Description: Rachel laughs hysterically.

- Joey: What-what-what is so funny? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I said, "Like what?" [line_index=1]
- Joey: Now that’s a thinker. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Okay, y’know what, y’know what? This playing hard to get thing is not working. Umm, hand-hand me those cherries. Okay. Okay. Hi! [line_index=3; stage=Chandler does so. She does a little sexy walk over to where Joshua is standing.]
- Joshua: Hi! [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Care for a cherry? [line_index=5]
- Joshua: Oh, no thanks. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: No? Y’know, I can tie one of these into a knot using just my tongue. [line_index=7]

## Scene s04e16_sc11 | Rachel laughs hysterically
Description: She tries to demonstrate this unique ability, but only succeeds in choking on it.

- Joshua: You okay? You all right? [line_index=0; stage=Rachel swallowed it whole and is not hacking like a heavy smoker in the morning. Rachel walks away, coughing.]
- Ross: So we should probably get going soon. [line_index=1; stage=interrupting Monica and Emily]
- Emily: Oh, but the party’s only just getting started! [line_index=2]
- Ross: Yeah, but we-we have to be at the Four Seasons for drinks in 15 minutes and then y’know, then The Plaza for dinner. [line_index=3]
- Emily: So why did you plan a party at the same time? [line_index=4]
- Ross: No-no-no, no, umm, actually American surprise parties are-are-are very short. It’s usually, "Surprise!" And then, "Oh my God, I’m so surprised—good-bye!" [line_index=5]
- Emily: But Ross, I’m such having a great time! Your sister has just been telling me that you used to dress up like little, old ladies and hold make-believe tea parties. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Monica said that did she? [line_index=7; stage=He squeezes Monica’s knee really hardly and Monica winces in pain.]
- Phoebe: Ooh, yeah. Then what are you going to put on top of that? [line_index=8]
- Joey: A little salami. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Ooh yeah! Then umm, what goes on top of the salami? [line_index=10]
- Joey: Pastrami. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Oooh, yeah. You’re a genius. [line_index=12]

## Scene s04e16_sc12 | Rachel laughs hysterically
Description: Rachel enters, she has changed clothes.

- Rachel: Oh, could somebody give me a hand with this zipper? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Yeah. [line_index=1; stage=He goes over to her.]
- Rachel: Up! [line_index=2]
- Monica: You changed? [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Yeah, I did. I needed my lucky dress. [line_index=4]
- Monica: And lucky means, more cleavage? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Does for me. [line_index=6]

## Scene s04e16_sc13 | Rachel laughs hysterically
Description: Joey starts wiping lint off of her back, but goes at little too far and Rachel just glares at him. He stops, gives her the ‘okay’ symbol and walks away.

- Rachel: Ohh, God! Look at him, he’s so cute. I wanna go over there, grab him, and kiss him! How can I kiss him and not letting him know that I like him? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Oh! I know how you can get him, take off your bra. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=2]
- Joey: There was a seen in Footloose ... [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Flashdance . [line_index=4]
- Joey: Yeah-yeah, yeah, with that-that uh, plumber girl… [line_index=5]
- Chandler: She was a welder. [line_index=6]
- Joey: What? Were you like in the movie, or… Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy, and classy. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Or if you want to kiss him, umm, you could use mistletoe. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: It’s not Christmas! [line_index=9]
- Monica: Or Spin the Bottle? [line_index=10]
- Rachel: He’s not 11! [line_index=11]
- Emily: Thank you so much for this. It was really so thoughtful of you. [line_index=12; stage=with her coat on, she’s leaving with Ross]
- Rachel: What? You’re leaving?! [line_index=13]
- Ross: Yes, we have something we have to get to. [line_index=14]
- Joshua: Uhh, yeah, I think I’m going to take-off too. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: No! You guys can’t leave yet! You have to stay, we-we got the whole big thing planned! [line_index=16]
- Ross: What big thing? [line_index=17]
- Rachel: So, Spin the Bottle works like this: I spin the bottle, it lands on Gunther, so I would have to kiss Gunther. All right. Who wants to go first? [line_index=18; stage=spinning the bottle She crawls over to where Gunther is sitting and sees the look of anticipation on Gunther’s face and decides not to kiss him.]
- Emily: I’ll go. [line_index=19]
- All: Yay! [line_index=20]

## Scene s04e16_sc14 | Rachel laughs hysterically
Description: Emily spins the bottle and it lands on Joey.

- Joey: Welcome to America. [line_index=0; stage=They both kiss.]

## Scene s04e16_sc15 | Rachel laughs hysterically
Description: Joey spins the bottle and it lands on Emily.

- Monica: Two in a row! You’ve got to use your tongues now! [line_index=0; stage=They kiss again.]
- Rachel: Yay! Emily! [line_index=1]

## Scene s04e16_sc16 | Rachel laughs hysterically
Description: Emily spins the bottle and once again, it lands on Joey.

- Chandler: What are the odds? What are the odds? [line_index=0]

## Scene s04e16_sc17 | Rachel laughs hysterically
Description: They both move to kiss again.

- Ross: Okay, that-that’s enough! Y’know, let’s, let’s let someone else play. [line_index=0; stage=stopping them]
- Joey: If you didn’t want to play, why did you come to the party? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Okay, my turn!! [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Oh my God!! The baby just kicked! [line_index=3]
- All: Ohh! [line_index=4]
- Rachel: It’s okay! It’s okay! It kicked once, it’ll kick again! [line_index=5]
- All: Oh my God! [line_index=6]

## Scene s04e16_sc18 | Rachel laughs hysterically
Description: They all stand up and go over to Phoebe to feel the baby, preventing Rachel from kissing Joshua.

- Rachel: All right, well, everybody just remember where they were sitting. [line_index=0]

## Scene s04e16_sc19 | Rachel laughs hysterically
Description: She crawls over to Joshua and kisses the back of his knee. He feels it and looks down, Rachel pretends she’s knocking a bug off his leg.

- Rachel: Just a bug. [line_index=0]

## Scene s04e16_sc20 | Monica and Rachel's erm
Description: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, it is later in the party. The Spin the Bottle game is over and Chandler is making a sandwich as Phoebe watches.

- Phoebe: Y’know it doesn’t matter how much I’m craving it. Y’know why I’m never gonna eat meat? Because it’s murder, cold blooded murder. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Okay. [line_index=1]

## Scene s04e16_sc21 | Monica and Rachel's erm
Description: He takes a bite out of the sandwich and as he does so, Phoebe attacks the other end and starts devouring the sandwich.

- Chandler: There’s a Phoebe on my sandwich! [line_index=0; stage=He walks away, giving the sandwich to Phoebe.]
- Joey: Phoebe, what-what are you doing?! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: I can’t help it. I need the meat. The baby needs the meat. [line_index=2]
- Joey: All right look, y’know how-y’know how when you’re dating someone and you don’t want to cheat on them, unless it’s with someone really hot? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Yeah, totally! [line_index=4]
- Joey: All right. Okay. Well this is the same kind of deal. If you’re going to do something wrong, do it right! [line_index=5; stage=He grabs two steaks from the freezer]
- Joey: Feel better now? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Yeah, but at what cost? Six more months, three meals a day, I’m gonna eat like, y’know millions of cows. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Hey, what if I said, I could even things out for ya, meatwise. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: What? [line_index=9]
- Joey: Well, I eat a lot of meat right? [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Yeah. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Well, suppose until the baby’s born I laid off it. No extra animals would die, you-you’d just be eating my animals. [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Joey, I can’t believe you would do that for me. [line_index=13]
- Joey: Absolutely! I could be a vegetarian. There’s no meat in beer, right? [line_index=14]
- Ross: Okay, we could still make dinner if we skipped the appetisers and asked for our check right away. [line_index=15]

## Scene s04e16_sc22 | Monica and Rachel's erm
Description: Rachel enters, she has changed once again. This time into her high school cheerleading uniform.

- Emily: But, we can’t go now. It looks like Rachel’s gonna put on a skit. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Oh my God! Have you lost your mind? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: No-n-n-n-no! I am finally thinking clearly. My lucky dress wasn’t working out to well for me, but for four years, this baby never missed. [line_index=2]
- Monica: Rachel-Rachel-Rachel I-I cannot, I can’t let—, actually I kinda want to see what happens. [line_index=3; stage=pause]
- Joshua: Hey! [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Hi! [line_index=5]
- Joshua: Nice uh, costume. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Ohh, yeah, well I wanted to give Emily a big American good -bye cheer. So okay! Ready! Okay! Gimme an ‘E!’ [line_index=7; stage=Runs into the living room]
- All: E! [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Gimme an ‘M!’ [line_index=9]
- All: M! [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Gimme an ‘I!’ [line_index=11]
- All: I! [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Gimme an ‘L!’ [line_index=13]
- All: L! [line_index=14]
- Rachel: Gimme a ‘Y!’ [line_index=15]
- All: Y! [line_index=16]
- Rachel: What do you get? Emily!! Emil—Whoa!! Okay! So that’s me as a cheerleader! Ta-dum! [line_index=17; stage=She throws her pom-poms to Joey and Phoebe and performs a cartwheel. Tries to do another one. She falls in Chandler’s room. Gunther’s the only one that claps.]

## Scene s04e16_sc23 | Monica and Rachel's erm
Description: Joey and Monica rush over to her.

- Rachel: I’m fine! I’m fine! I’m just losing a tooth, it’s no big deal. I have a dentist! Y’know. I’m gonna go put some ice on it. Excuse me. What do I do now? What do I do now? [line_index=0; stage=She goes over to the ice and Joey and Monica follow her.]
- Monica: I think you’re done. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Okay, time to take off the bra. [line_index=2; stage=She glares at him.]
- Joshua: Umm, that was really great, but I-I gotta take-off actually. [line_index=3]
- Joey: Take the bra off. [line_index=4; stage=trying not to be obvious]
- Rachel: All right, come on, let’s go get your coat. [line_index=5]
- Joshua: Okay. [line_index=6]

## Scene s04e16_sc24 | Monica and Rachel's erm
Description: They both go to Chandler’s bedroom to get his coat.

- Gunther: Rachel is my girlfriend. [line_index=0]
- Joshua: So, this was uh, really fun. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh, yeah! Real fun. Y’know, this bra… Really, bothers me. Y’know, this used to be my bedroom. Yeah. A lot of memories in here, a lot of memories. If these walls could talk, y’know what they’d say? Wanna hear some memories? [line_index=2; stage=She makes a decision. She starts taking off her bra. She is now violently pulling on her bra in order to remove it, but it isn’t co-operating.]
- Joshua: Need uh, need a little hand there. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Oh no-no-no! No, I got this all under control. [line_index=4]
- Joshua: You really don’t seem like you do. That’s… [line_index=5]

## Scene s04e16_sc25 | Monica and Rachel's erm
Description: She is still yanking on the bra, but it is stuck in her sleeve. Finally, she gives up.

- Rachel: Ughhhh!! Forget it! This is, this is not how this is supposed to happen. [line_index=0; stage=Sits down heavily on the bed.]
- Joshua: Well, what was supposed to happen? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Can you not look at me when I say this? I thought that if I could get you here, I could seduce you. [line_index=2; stage=He turns around]
- Joshua: Huh. Oh, boy! Uhh, I-I don’t wear suits to work, and I bought six of them from you. [line_index=3; stage=Sits down next to her.]
- Rachel: Well, I’m sorry, I thought you needed them! [line_index=4]
- Joshua: No, no-no, no-no, my point is that I kept coming back because, I wanted to see you. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Why?! [line_index=6]
- Joshua: Because I-I like you. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: You like me? [line_index=8]
- Joshua: Yeah! I mean you’re-you’re beautiful and smart and sophisticated—a lot of this isn’t based on tonight. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Yeah but-but-but you liked me! Oh my God, I can’t believe this, all this time, I liked you and you liked me! [line_index=10]
- Joshua: But… [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Oh no-no-no don’t say but! No-no, but’s never good! Let’s just leave it at, you like me and I like you. [line_index=12]
- Joshua: Okay uh, however… [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Oh, now see that’s a fancy but. [line_index=14]
- Joshua: My marriage like just ended, and I’m really not ready to get into anything yet. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: But…. [line_index=16]
- Joshua: I’m sorry, I, I just need a little time. [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Okay. [line_index=18]

## Scene s04e16_sc26 | The hallway
Description: The hallway, Ross is sitting on the step drinking a beer as Rachel comes out of the guys apartment.

- Rachel: Ohh, here you are. I was looking for you before. Joshua’s gone so you and Emily are free to go. [line_index=0]
- Ross: That’s okay. She’s still in there enjoying her fake party and uh, it’s too late to do any of the things I had planned, so… [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh, Ross, I’m sorry. I completely ruined your evening. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Yeah. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Well, if it makes you feel any better, I made a fool out of myself. [line_index=4]
- Ross: Helps a little. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Is there room on that step for a pathetic loser? [line_index=6]
- Ross: Yeah, have a seat. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: I’m so sorry. [line_index=8]
- Ross: That’s okay, I mean it was just two-week thing anyway, I just didn’t want it to end this way, y’know? [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Well, maybe you didn’t want it to end? [line_index=10]
- Ross: What do you mean? [line_index=11]
- Rachel: You seem to really like her. [line_index=12]
- Ross: Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y’know no commitment. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica’s photo albums, I mean you don’t do that if you’re just in it for two weeks. [line_index=14]
- Ross: You think? [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you’re sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip. [line_index=16]
- Ross: Hey, you’re right. [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=18]
- Ross: Thanks. What photo album was it? [line_index=19; stage=He starts to go inside and stops.]
- Rachel: I don’t know, it was you and a bunch of albino kids. [line_index=20]
- Ross: Oh my God! Those weren’t albino kids, that was computer camp! Rach! [line_index=21]

## Scene s04e16_sc27 | The hallway
Description: He hurries inside and Chandler is taking out the garbage.

- Rachel: Hey. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Hey. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: You’re a pathetic loser, right? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Oh-ho, yeah! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Sit! [line_index=4]

## Scene s04e16_sc28 | The hallway
Description: He does so, and immediately starts looking pathetic.

- Joshua: Hi. [line_index=0; stage=He has just returned.]
- Rachel: Oh my gosh, Joshua! [line_index=1]
- Joshua: All those things I said about not being ready… [line_index=2]
- Rachel: They’re not true? [line_index=3]
- Joshua: No, they’re-they’re all true. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Oh. [line_index=5]
- Joshua: But… [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Oh! Oh, I love that but. [line_index=7]

## Scene s04e16_sc29 | The hallway
Description: They move to kiss, but realise that Chandler is staring at them. Chandler urges them on.

- Rachel: You wanna go inside and have some coffee? [line_index=0]
- Joshua: Yeah. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Okay. Every time. [line_index=2; stage=Joshua goes inside and to Chandler.]

## Scene s04e16_sc30 | Monica and Rachel's erm
Description: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, the next day. Phoebe is busy making a sandwich.

- Joey: Oooh, what you got there? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Pastrami. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Oh-ho-ho, yeah! Hey! Y’know what goes good with that? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Hm-mm, corn beef. [line_index=3]
- Joey: Ooh, I was gonna say bologna, but that’s much better. How about a little of that smoked turkey? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Okay. [line_index=5]
- Joey: Oh mama! Uh when-when is the baby due? [line_index=6; stage=He starts looking longingly at the sandwich.]
- Phoebe: Six months. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Ugh. Now if a cow should die of natural causes, I can have one of those right? [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Not if I get there first. [line_index=9]
