---
episode_id: s05e02
title: The One With All The Kissing
season: 5
episode: 2
---

# S05E02 The One With All The Kissing

## Scene s05e02_sc01 | Chandler and Joey's Bathroom
Description: Chandler and Joey's Bathroom, Chandler and Monica are sharing a candlelight bubble bath while drinking champagne and they clink their glasses.

- Monica: You look cute in bubbles. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Ehh, you're just liquored up. [line_index=1]

## Scene s05e02_sc02 | Chandler and Joey's Bathroom
Description: They move into kiss but are interrupted by Joey knocking on the door.

- Joey: Hey, it's me! I'm comin' in! [line_index=0]

## Scene s05e02_sc03 | Chandler and Joey's Bathroom
Description: Monica quickly dives under the water as Joey enters. He looks a little shocked at what Chandler's doing.

- Chandler: I've had a very long, hard day. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Ahh, I'm gonna go get some chicken. Want some? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then. [line_index=2]
- Joey: Okay. [line_index=3]

## Scene s05e02_sc04 | Chandler and Joey's Bathroom
Description: Joey turns to leave but stops at the door.

- Joey: You sure? Some extra crispy? Dirty rice? Beans? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: For the last time no! Get out! Get out, Joey! [line_index=1]
- Joey: All right! [line_index=2]

## Scene s05e02_sc05 | Chandler and Joey's Bathroom
Description: Joey leaves and Monica comes up for air.

- Chandler: Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Chicken? I could eat some chicken. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Hey Joe! [line_index=2]

## Scene s05e02_sc06 | Chandler and Joey's Bathroom
Description: Monica goes back underwater as Joey re-enters.

- Chandler: Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke-(Yelps in [line_index=0]

## Scene s05e02_sc07 | Chandler and Joey's Bathroom
Description: Joey gives him a thumbs up and heads for the chicken.


## Scene s05e02_sc08 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler, Joey, and Monica are eating breakfast.

- Phoebe: Hey! [line_index=0; stage=entering]
- Chandler: Hey, Pheebs! [line_index=1]
- Joey: Mornin' Pheebs! [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: I have to tell you this story. Okay, I was coming over here and this driver… [line_index=3]
- Joey: Was his name Angus? [line_index=4; stage=interrupting Monica and Chandler laugh.]
- Phoebe: What? [line_index=5]
- Joey: Oh, he was this cab driver we had in London. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Oh. Ha-ha-ha. All right, anyway… [line_index=7]
- Monica: Wait, what that place, that pub he took us too? [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Uh, The Wheatsheaf. [line_index=9]
- Joey: Yeah-yeah-yeah, and they had that beer! That uh… [line_index=10]
- Monica: Bodington's! [line_index=11]
- All: Bodington's! Woohoo! [line_index=12; stage=And they all high-five each other.]
- Chandler: Ooh! Ahh, Pheebs, was gonna tell a story. [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: Yeah, so, he had a really funny hat—I don't want to talk about it. [line_index=14]
- Ross: Hey! [line_index=15; stage=entering]
- All: Hey! [line_index=16]
- Joey: Hey, Ross, Bodington's! [line_index=17]
- Ross: Yeah! [line_index=18; stage=They high-five.]
- Joey: That was good beer. [line_index=19]
- Ross: Ohh… [line_index=20]
- Joey: Y'know, I'd walk back to London for another frosty one of those bad boys. [line_index=21]
- Ross: Y'know, I think they have those at that British pub near the trade center. [line_index=22]
- Joey: Later! [line_index=23; stage=Exits.]
- Ross: Isn't Rachel supposed to be back by now? [line_index=24]
- Monica: Yeah, but her plane got delayed in Athens. But actually, she should be here by now. [line_index=25; stage=Checks watch]
- Ross: Oh, so-so you talked to her. Did she, did she sound mad? [line_index=26]
- Monica: No, but she likes me. You abandoned her on a plane to Greece. [line_index=27]
- Ross: Okay, I did not abandon Rachel! Okay? Emily showed up at the airport! I had to go after her! I mean, I-I did what I had to do! She's my wife! Rachel is my wife! Y'know— Emily ! Emily, is my wife! Man, what is that? [line_index=28]
- Phoebe: So you still hadn't heard from Emily? [line_index=29]
- Ross: No, not since I lost her at the airport. [line_index=30]
- Chandler: I can't believe she can out run you man! [line_index=31]
- Ross: HEY, SHE'S FAST!! OKAY?!! Oh! You-you think you can be beat me? Let's go! Outside!! [line_index=32; stage=Chandler is so shocked at Ross's outburst that he drops his spoon and backs up]
- Rachel: Hi! [line_index=33; stage=entering]
- All: Hey! [line_index=34; stage=They all go hug her, except for Ross.]
- Ross: Rach, Rach, I am so sorry. I am so-so sorry. [line_index=35]
- Rachel: Oh Ross, come on! You just did what you had to do. [line_index=36]
- Ross: That's it? You're not mad? I mean, it must've been terrible. [line_index=37]
- Rachel: Terrible? Hell, I was in Greece! That was a nice hotel! Nice beach, met the nice people. Not to shabby for Rachel. [line_index=38; stage=Goes and puts her luggage away.]
- Ross: So, what? That's it? [line_index=39]
- Rachel: Well, yeah! We're cool. Totally cool. [line_index=40]
- Ross: Oh, thanks. Oh, you're the best. [line_index=41; stage=They hug.]
- Rachel: Oh no, you're the best. [line_index=42]
- Ross: Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store! Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again. [line_index=43; stage=breaking the hug Runs to the door.]
- Chandler: Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY. [line_index=44]

## Scene s05e02_sc09 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Ross bangs his fists together to tell Chandler off, like what was learned last season. Read about it here .

- Monica: Rach, that's great! It's so good that you had a good time in Greece! [line_index=0]
- Rachel: What?! I didn't have a good time in Greece! Ross abandoned me! Okay, I couldn't get a plane out, so I had to stay in their honeymoon suite with people coming up to me all the time going, "Oh, Mrs. Geller, why are you crying?" I mean, it was sooo humiliating. I felt like such an idiot! I mean, it's all my fault! And you know why, because I make very bad decisions. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Oh that's not true. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Yes it is! It is true! I went, I went after Ross in stupid London. [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: London is stupid! Stupid! [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Phoebe, you were right. I should've never gone to London, and from now on you make all of my decisions for me. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Oh… No, I did that for someone once and I'm not comfortable having that kind of power and control over someone's life. [line_index=6]
- Monica: I'll do it! [line_index=7]
- Rachel: That's fine. So Monica, you are now in control of my love life. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Okay, I gotta go to work. [line_index=9]

## Scene s05e02_sc10 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: He gets up and gives Monica a rather passionate kiss as Rachel and Phoebe look on in amazement. After the kiss ends, Chandler suddenly realizes what he just did, so he decides to do something rather rash.

- Chandler: And uh, Rachel, glad to have you back. [line_index=0]

## Scene s05e02_sc11 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: He goes over and gives Rachel the same treatment he gave Monica, only Rachel is shocked.

- Chandler: Pheebs! Always a pleasure. [line_index=0; stage=He goes over and kisses Phoebe, who is also stunned. And he struts out leaving the girls to stare at each other.]

## Scene s05e02_sc12 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Monica, Rachel, Chandler and Joey are there looking at pictures from the trip to London.

- Monica: Oh, Rachel, sweetie, look, here's a really cute picture of Joey and you at the reception. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Ohh, he's married! Ross is married. I can't—I still can't believe it. [line_index=1; stage=Rachel grabs the picture from Monica]
- Monica: Honey, sweetie, by the edges. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: I mean, y'know I'm just gonna have to accept it … [line_index=3; stage=She grabs the rest of the pictures]
- Monica: Ohh. [line_index=4; stage=Monica covers her eyes in horror.]
- Rachel: …I mean it's my fault. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Sweetie! Edges! Fingers! Smudgey! Pictures! [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Oh my God! [line_index=7; stage=She licks the top picture and hands them back.]
- Monica: Okay. That's okay. I-I know that you're very upset right now. I know, I know that wasn't about me. [line_index=8]
- Joey: I bet it was about her a little. [line_index=9; stage=To Chandler]
- Monica: If you would stop thinking about Ross for one minute you would notice that there are great guys everywhere! I mean, look! Look, Gunther! I mean, he's nice, he's cute. [line_index=10; stage=Gunther turns to listen in.]
- Rachel: Yeah, I guess Gunther is kinda… [line_index=11]
- Monica: Oh, what about that guy over there? Remember? That is the guy you flirted with at the counter that time. [line_index=12; stage=Interrupting She points at another guy and Gunther is deflated.]
- Rachel: Oh, I don't know. I don't know. [line_index=13]
- Monica: You're going to talk to him! Y'know what? We made a deal, I make your decisions and I say you're going to talk to him. [line_index=14]
- Rachel: All right, you're the boss. I guess I gotta do what you tell me. [line_index=15]
- Joey: Say that to him and you're golden. [line_index=16; stage=She just glares at him.]
- Phoebe: Hey! [line_index=17; stage=entering]
- Rachel: Hey! [line_index=18]
- Joey: Hey, Pheebs! [line_index=19]
- Monica: We got out pictures back from London. Here's all of us at the Tower of London. [line_index=20; stage=Shows her one.]
- Phoebe: Oh! Here we all are! Yeah, there's Ross and Joey and you and me. [line_index=21; stage=Grabs the pictures She picks up a magic marker and draws herself in. Monica can't watch.]
- Chandler: All right, y'know what, we've been talking about London too much haven't we? [line_index=22]
- Phoebe: No. I'm sorry. It's just 'cause I couldn't be there. 'Cause all I ever get to do now is pregnant stuff, it just bums me out. [line_index=23]
- All: Sorry. [line_index=24]

## Scene s05e02_sc13 | Rachel returns
Description: Rachel returns.

- Monica: What happened? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Well, y'know, a little of this, a little of that. Got myself a date tomorrow night. [line_index=1]
- Monica: See, didn't I tell you?! You're getting over Ross already! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Well… [line_index=3]

## Scene s05e02_sc14 | Rachel returns
Description: Gunther goes up to the guy and holds a sign that reads, "We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone."

- Gunther: Get out! [line_index=0; stage=To the guy]

## Scene s05e02_sc15 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler enters to find Monica waiting patiently for him. He closes the door and they start kissing.

- Monica: What took you so long? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I got caught up and work, but I'm quitting tomorrow. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Oh, good. [line_index=2]

## Scene s05e02_sc16 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: They start kissing and turn around so that Chandler is facing the door. And Chandler sees Rachel, Phoebe, and Joey walk in and quickly ends the kiss with Monica.

- Chandler: So, thanks for having me over! Rach. Pheebs. [line_index=0; stage=Goes over, grabs her, and kisses her. After a moment while he decides how to kiss her around her belly, grabs her and kisses her.]
- Joey: See ya!! What the hell was that?! [line_index=1; stage=Jumping out of his way To the girls.]
- Monica: Probably some y'know, European good-bye thing he picked up in London. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: That's not European! [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Well, it felt French. [line_index=4]

## Scene s05e02_sc17 | Joey is intrigued
Description: Joey is intrigued.


## Scene s05e02_sc18 | The hallway between the apartments
Description: The hallway between the apartments, Rachel is returning from her date with Dave.

- Rachel: Oh God, I really had a good time! [line_index=0]
- Dave: Yeah, me too. So, I guess this is it. [line_index=1; stage=They reach her door.]
- Rachel: Yeah. Umm, unless you wanna come inside? [line_index=2]
- Dave: Yeah! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Okay. Oh, uh, wait a minute, y'know what? I uh, I can't decide this. Umm, okay, just hold on a second. [line_index=4]
- Dave: Okay, yeah! [line_index=5]

## Scene s05e02_sc19 | The hallway between the apartments
Description: She enters the apartment, leaving Dave in the hallway, to find Ross sitting on the couch with a big box.

- Rachel: Umm, hi! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Hi. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Is Monica around? I-I have to ask her something. [line_index=2]
- Ross: She's doing her laundry. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: What's that? [line_index=4; stage=Points to the box.]
- Ross: It came in the mail today, it's uh, 72 long-stemmed red roses, one for each day that I've known and loved Emily, cut up into mulch! [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Oh, honey that's awful. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Oh, it's not so bad. Monica's gonna make potpourri! I think I'm gonna go wander out in the rain for a while. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: But, it's not raining. [line_index=8]
- Ross: I can't catch a break! [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Y'know what Ross? You're not going anywhere. You're gonna sit right here. I'm gonna make you a cup of tea and we're gonna talk this thing whole out. All right? Hey, Dave! [line_index=10; stage=She goes out to talk to Dave]
- Dave: Yeah? [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Umm, listen, I'm gonna need to take a rain check, my roommate is just really sick. Okay? Bye! Honey, listen, I know, I know things seem so bad right now. [line_index=12; stage=She goes back in to talk to Ross.]
- Monica: Rach? Can I talk to for just a minute? I-I dropped some socks. [line_index=13; stage=Poking her head in]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=14; stage=She goes out to join her in the hall and starts looking for the dropped socks.]
- Monica: What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?! [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Ohh! You did not drop any socks! [line_index=16]
- Monica: I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do? [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Well, ultimately, I was trying y'know, I-I wanted…tell him y'know, that I'm still in love with him. [line_index=18]
- Monica: What?!! You cannot tell him that!! [line_index=19; stage=Gasps]
- Rachel: Why? Why not?! People love to hear that! [line_index=20]
- Monica: I make the decisions, and I say no. [line_index=21]
- Rachel: Well, y'know what, no, you do not make my decisions because y'know what, you're fired. [line_index=22]
- Monica: You can't fire me. I make your decisions and I say, "I'm not fired!" Ha! [line_index=23]
- Rachel: Well… [line_index=24; stage=At a loss for words, she grabs some of Monica's laundry and throws it on the floor as a diversion to allow Rachel to run back inside and close the door. Monica chases her to find that Rachel had locked the door.]
- Monica: Rachel!! Come on! Let me in! [line_index=25]
- Joey: Havin' some trouble? [line_index=26; stage=Poking his head out.]
- Monica: Rachel locked the door. [line_index=27]
- Joey: I'll kick that door in if you give me a little sugar. [line_index=28]

## Scene s05e02_sc20 | The hallway
Description: The hallway, continued from earlier. Monica is still locked out.

- Monica: Rachel! Let me in! Rachel! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Thank you. Rachel, can I talk to you outside for a sec? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: No. [line_index=2]
- Monica: I really need to talk to you. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Well, then talk! [line_index=4]
- Monica: Okay, I will. Remember that thing that we just discussed that you wanted to do? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Yes! [line_index=6]
- Ross: What thing? [line_index=7]
- Monica: Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might end up hurting. [line_index=8; stage=Turns to look at Ross]
- Ross: Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. My God, think of the massacre. [line_index=9; stage=Looks at the rose mulch.]
- Rachel: I'm gonna do it. [line_index=10]
- Monica: All right, Rachel, I know-I know you think I'm crazy, please, before you tell him you love him, just-just try to find one person who thinks this is a good idea. Because I bet you, you can't. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: But I… [line_index=12]
- Monica: Please! [line_index=13]
- Rachel: All right, fine. [line_index=14]

## Scene s05e02_sc21 | The hallway
Description: There's a loud bang on the door.

- Monica: Joey, I'm in! [line_index=0]
- Joey: All right. Good deal. [line_index=1; stage=In tremendous pain]

## Scene s05e02_sc22 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Joey, Chandler, Monica, and Rachel are there as Phoebe enters.

- All: Pheebs! Hey Pheebs! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Uh, okay, Pheebs? [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Yeah? [line_index=2]
- Joey: Umm, y'know how the other day you were talking about how you didn't get to go to London and how you were kinda feeling left out? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Yeah? [line_index=4]
- Joey: All right, well, we felt really bad about that so we decided we should all take a little trip together! [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Ohh, that's so nice! How great! Well, where? Where's the trip?! [line_index=6]
- Monica: Well, we thought we would all go to a picnic , in Central Park! [line_index=7; stage=Phoebe gasps]
- Phoebe: Central … Park! [line_index=8; emotions=joy; stage=excited not so excited]
- Joey: Yeah, all of us! All day! [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: That sucks! That's not a trip! I just came from the park! What are we gonna high five about at the stupid Central Park? "Well, it's right by my house, all right!" [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea. [line_index=11; stage=Gets up to leave.]
- Rachel: Hey-whoa-whoa-whoa!! Ho-ho-hold on a sec there, Mr. Kissey! Y'know, I've been meaning to talk to you about this whole, little, new European thing you got going on, and I just need to tell you that it makes me very uncomfortable and I just—y'know—stop it! [line_index=12; stage=stopping him]
- Chandler: I was just trying to bring a little culture to the group. [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: That's fine, just don't bring it in my mouth. [line_index=14]
- Monica: Makes me wanna puke! [line_index=15; stage=Chandler looks at her, quizzically.]

## Scene s05e02_sc23 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Rachel, Monica, Chandler, and Joey are there as Ross enters with Phoebe.

- Ross: Hey everybody, Pheebs is here! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Phoebe! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Hey, Pheebs! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Phoebe, woo! [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Okay, woo! Hi. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little… Y'know, it didn't have any… It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City! [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Ooh, Atlantic City! Oh, that's a great plan! Who's plan was that? [line_index=6]
- Joey: Mine! [line_index=7]
- Ross: Wait! It was my plan. [line_index=8]
- Joey: Nooo, I said we needed a new plan. [line_index=9]
- Ross: And, I came up with Atlantic City. [line_index=10]
- Joey: Which , is the new plan! [line_index=11]
- Monica: Okay, well, why don't we all meet upstairs in an hour? [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Okay! Ooh-ahh, I'm gonna go pack. I'm gonna go pack my ass off! [line_index=13]

## Scene s05e02_sc24 | Central Perk
Description: They all go pack except for Ross.

- Monica: Come on Rach, let's go. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Yeah, y'know what? I'm-I'm gonna meet you upstairs in a minute. [line_index=1]
- Monica: No! Rachel, you didn't find anyone so you can't tell him. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Well, y'know what, that doesn't matter. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Okay, Rachel, do you have any idea how painful it is to tell someone that you love them and not have them say it back? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Yeah, I-I don't care. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Okay. I-I can't watch. [line_index=6; stage=Leaves as sits down to read the paper.]
- Rachel: What 'cha readin'? [line_index=7]
- Ross: The paper. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Yeah, what's it about? [line_index=9]
- Ross: Events from around the globe. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Okay. Uhh, Ross, y'know what, there's something that I-that I have to talk to you about and everybody's saying that I shouldn't tell you, but I think they're wrong. I mean, and you know how people can be wrong. [line_index=11]
- Ross: Sure. Once, at work I-I thought carbon dating was fossilized… [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Okay, Ross, I'm really trying to tell you something here. [line_index=13]
- Ross: Yeah. [line_index=14]
- Rachel: Okay. [line_index=15]
- Ross: Go ahead. [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Umm, okay, I think I'm-I'm just gonna-just gonna say it. Just gonna say it. Uhh, I'm still in love with you Ross. [line_index=17; stage=pause]

## Scene s05e02_sc25 | Ross is stunned
Description: Ross is stunned.

- Ross: Wow. Umm… Huh… I'm-I'm not sure what to do with that right now. [line_index=0]

## Scene s05e02_sc26 | Rachel starts laughing hysterically
Description: Rachel starts laughing hysterically.

- Ross: What? What? Was that a joke? 'Cause it's mean. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: I'm so dead serious. I'm totally serious. [line_index=1; emotions=joy; stage=Laughing]
- Ross: Why are you laughing? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Because , because, I just heard it. I heard it, and it's ridiculous! I mean, you're married. You're-you're married and it's just ridiculous, and it's like, it's like when said it, I sort of like, I floated up out of my body, y'know? And, and-and then I heard myself say it and then the floating Rachel was like, "You are such an idiot!" [line_index=3; stage=laughs laughs]
- Ross: Well, well I am married. Even though I haven't spoken to my wife since the wedding. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: I'm sorry, that's not funny. [line_index=5; stage=laughs]
- Ross: Actually, it kinda is. My wife won't return my calls. I don't know where my wife is. "Hey Ross, where's the Mrs.?" Don't know! [line_index=6; stage=Laughs]
- Rachel: Oh God, ohh, okay, y'know what, do you think ah, do you think that you just forget that I told you this? [line_index=7]
- Ross: Well, I kinda half to. I mean, because the thing is… [line_index=8]
- Rachel: The thing is y'know, that you're married to Emily. [line_index=9]
- Ross: That is what the thing is. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Ross, things aren't gonna be weird between us, right? I mean was that just the stupidest thing, me telling you that? [line_index=11]
- Ross: No. No. No, I'm-I'm glad you did. Look, if nothing else, it's-it's always great when someone tells you they love you. [line_index=12]
- Rachel: That's what I said! Thank you for being so nice. [line_index=13; stage=They hug.]
- Ross: No thank you for… Thank you. [line_index=14]

## Scene s05e02_sc27 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, the gang is about ready to leave for Atlantic City.

- Ross: Okay, let's go! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Atlantic City! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Atlantic City, baby! Let's roll some bones! Hey Joey, high-five for rolling bones! [line_index=2]

## Scene s05e02_sc28 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: They high-five and howl, but Phoebe suddenly stops and the guys gasp and retreat in shock.

- Joey: Uh, Pheebs, you're leaking? [line_index=0]
- Monica: Oh my God! You're water broke! [line_index=1]
- The Guys: Ohh! [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: All right. Well, don't worry, I call shotgun! [line_index=3; stage=She starts out the door.]
- All: Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait-wait! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Pheebs! We have to take you to the hospital now! [line_index=5]
- Ross: Pheebs, Pheebs, the babies are coming now. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: High-five, the babies are coming! [line_index=7; stage=They all high-five.]
- Phoebe: Wait, wait, remember when my water broke? [line_index=8; stage=They all high-five again.]

## Scene s05e02_sc29 | The hallway between the apartments
Description: The hallway between the apartments, they are taking Phoebe to the hospital but Chandler and Monica hold back.

- Monica: I can't believe Phoebe's gonna have her babies! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I know, it's beautiful. Amazing. [line_index=1]

## Scene s05e02_sc30 | They both kiss
Description: They both kiss.

- Chandler: Y'know what else I can't believe? I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Do you know anything about women? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: No. [line_index=2]
- Monica: That's all right. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Okay. [line_index=4; stage=They kiss again.]
