---
episode_id: s05e16
title: The One With A Cop
season: 5
episode: 16
---

# S05E16 The One With A Cop

## Scene s05e16_sc01 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Monica and Chandler are sitting on one of the chairs doing a crossword puzzle.

- Joey: Hey! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Monica: Hey! [line_index=2]
- Joey: What are you guys doing up? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Oh, we wanted to finish the crossword before we went to bed. Hey, do you know a six-letter word for red? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Dark red. [line_index=5; stage=thinks]
- Chandler: Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later. Hey, how about maroon? [line_index=6; stage=To Monica]
- Monica: Yes, you are so smart! [line_index=7; stage=checks to see if it works Kisses him.]
- Joey: Aww, you guys are so cute! [line_index=8]
- Monica: I know. [line_index=9]
- Joey: All right, I'll see you in the morning. [line_index=10]

## Scene s05e16_sc02 | Joey's bedroom
Description: Joey's bedroom, time lapse. He's asleep and dreaming. In his dream he's doing the crossword puzzle with…wait for it…Monica!


## Scene s05e16_sc03 | They hug
Description: They hug.


## Scene s05e16_sc04 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, everyone is there but Ross and Joey. Gunther hands them the bill, and Chandler gives some money to pay it.

- Rachel: Uhh, we still need a tip. [line_index=0; stage=looking at the bill]
- Phoebe: All right. Hold on. I got it. Nickel! How much more do we need? [line_index=1; stage=She starts digging in the chair. Donates it.]
- Rachel: A couple of bucks. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Okay, dime! You guys should probably keep talking; this could take a while. Oh no, wait! Look it! Whoa! Oh my God, this is a police badge! [line_index=3; stage=Donates that. Finds something else. Looks at it.]
- Monica: Wow! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that. [line_index=5; stage=No one laughs.]
- Rachel: Phoebe, I bet somebody's missing that badge. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I could check their Ten Most Wanted lists because my friend Fritzy has been like number 11 forever, so this could be her year! [line_index=7; stage=She crosses her fingers in hope.]
- Joey: Hey, you guys! [line_index=8; stage=entering]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Hey Joey! [line_index=10]
- Monica: Hey. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Hey. That uh, that my sweatshirt? [line_index=12; stage=To Monica]
- Monica: Oh yes, it is. I'm sorry I borrowed it, I was cold. I hope its okay? [line_index=13]
- Joey: Well uh, it's just that uh, y'know if-if you're gonna be wearing someone's sweatshirt shouldn't it be your boyfriends--and I’m not him. [line_index=14]
- Monica: I'm sorry, I'll give it back to you. [line_index=15]
- Joey: No-no! No! I mean it's gonna be all smelling like Monica! [line_index=16]
- Monica: Are you saying I smell bad? [line_index=17]
- Joey: No! No, you smell like a meadow. I'm sorry. [line_index=18; stage=Pause. Runs to the bathroom.]
- Monica: What's with him? [line_index=19]
- Chandler: Oh, y'know what? The last time Joey went to a meadow, his mother was shot by a hunter. [line_index=20]

## Scene s05e16_sc05 | A couch store
Description: A couch store, Ross is trying to decide on a new couch for his place. He has dragged Rachel along for the trip, and she's not too happy about it. Ross is sitting on it in different ways to see how it feels. He tries to just sit on it normally, and then he tries flopping on it. One thing about this couch, it's huge. It's like twice the size of a normal full size couch. Whoever designed this thing, needs help and fast.

- Rachel: Ugh! [line_index=0; stage=disgusted at Ross's antics]
- Ross: Yeah, I still don't know. I'm sorry I just wanna make sure that I bought the right couch. I need a couch that says, "Kids welcome here." But that also says, "Come here to me!" [line_index=1; stage=To Rachel To the salesman who is hovering nearby In a sexy voice]
- Rachel: What?! You say that to kids?!! [line_index=2]
- Ross: No! No! No! The "Come here to me" is y'know for the ladies. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Ross, honey, it's a nice couch. It's not a magic couch. [line_index=4]
- The Salesman: You picked a great couch. [line_index=5]
- Ross: Yeah? [line_index=6]
- The Salesman: Yeah. Could you just sign right here please? [line_index=7; stage=Hands him a clipboard.]
- Ross: Oh, sure. Whoa-whoa, what's this? The delivery charge is almost as much as the couch! [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Wait! No, that's ridiculous. Come on, he lives three blocks away! [line_index=9]
- Ross: Yeah, y'know what? I'll take it myself, thank you! All right Rach, let's go! [line_index=10; stage=He signs the form and hands it back to the salesman. He picks up one end of the couch.]
- Rachel: Yeah! Are you kiddin'? [line_index=11; emotions=joy; stage=She puts on her coat and turns around and sees Ross is expecting her to help. Laughing.]
- Ross: Oh, come on it's only three blocks! And-and, it's not very heavy, try it! Come on! Come on! [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Oh. Oh! I can do it! [line_index=13; stage=Disgustedly she goes and tries to pick up the couch. Much to her amazement, she is successful.]
- Ross: Yeah! [line_index=14]
- The Salesman: You two are really gonna enjoy that couch. [line_index=15]
- Ross: Oh yeah, we're uh, yeah we're not together. [line_index=16; stage=He starts backing out of the store.]
- The Salesman: Ohh, okay. Something didn't quite add up there. [line_index=17; stage=Laughs. Ross stops, walks back to talk to the salesman, and in the process pushes Rachel up against a wall.]
- Rachel: Ross! [line_index=18]
- Ross: What's that supposed to mean? [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Ross! [line_index=20]
- The Salesman: Well you, her, I mean, she's very…y'know. And you're like…y'know. [line_index=21]
- Ross: Not that it's any of your business, but we did go out. [line_index=22]
- The Salesman: Really? You two? [line_index=23]
- Ross: Yeah! Rach? [line_index=24]
- Rachel: Come on, I don't really want to be doing this right now. I am carrying a very heavy couch. [line_index=25]
- Ross: Then tell him quickly. [line_index=26]
- Rachel: Fine! We went out. [line_index=27; stage=To Ross To the salesman]
- Ross: Not only did we go out, we did it 298 times! [line_index=28]
- Rachel: Ross!! Oh my--ugh!! You kept count?! You are such a loser! [line_index=29]
- Ross: A loser you did it with 298 times! [line_index=30; stage=To the salesman]

## Scene s05e16_sc06 | A couch store
Description: Rachel pushes on the couch and pushes Ross out the door.


## Scene s05e16_sc07 | Outside of Central Perk
Description: Outside of Central Perk, Phoebe is exiting and sees a woman put out her cigarette on a tree.

- Phoebe: Oh. Oh! Ma'am? Excuse me, ma'am? [line_index=0]
- The Smoking Woman: Yes? [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: You can't put your cigarette out on a tree! [line_index=2]
- The Smoking Woman: Yeah I can, it worked real well. [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: No but you shouldn't! Don't ever do that again. [line_index=4]
- The Smoking Woman: I won't! Until I have my next cigarette. [line_index=5; stage=Turns away]
- Phoebe: Hold it! N.Y.P.D! Freeze punk! [line_index=6; stage=Grabs the badge]
- The Smoking Woman: What?! [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Yeah that's right you are so busted. Book 'em. [line_index=8; stage=To no one in particular.]
- The Smoking Woman: Who are you talking too? [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Save it Red! Unless you wanna spend the night in the slammer, you apologize to the tree. [line_index=10]
- The Smoking Woman: I am not going to apologize to a tree! [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: You apologize to the tree right now or I am calling for backup. Backup! Backup!! [line_index=12; stage=The woman calls her bluff. Screaming at no one in particular]
- The Smoking Woman: I-I'm sorry! Sorry. [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: Okay, cancel backup! Cancel backup! [line_index=14]

## Scene s05e16_sc08 | Ross's building's lobby
Description: Ross's building's lobby, he and Rachel are about to attempt to take the couch upstairs.

- Ross: Okay. [line_index=0; stage=Throws off the last cushion.]
- Rachel: Ross, didn't you say that there was an elevator in here? [line_index=1]
- Ross: Uhh, yes I did but there isn't. Okay, here we go. [line_index=2]

## Scene s05e16_sc09 | Ross's building's lobby
Description: They start the attempt. Ross is going backwards and reaches the first landing. This staircase has three steps then a landing, makes a 90-degree turn, and has more steps before another landing and another 90-degree turn.

- Ross: Okay, go left. Left! Left! [line_index=0; stage=The bottom of the couch is hitting the railing.]
- Rachel: Okay, y'know what? There is no more left, left! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Oh okay, lift it straight up over your head! Straight up over your head! You can do it! You can do it! Okay. You got it? [line_index=2; stage=She gets it lifted up and they make the first turn.]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Good-good-good. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Oh-oh! [line_index=5]

## Scene s05e16_sc10 | Ross's building's lobby
Description: She can't stay at the end as the couch rounds the turn so she shifts to the back corner of the couch and is at a 90-degree angle to it.

- Ross: Yeah, you got it right? You got it right? You got it? [line_index=0]

## Scene s05e16_sc11 | Ross's building's lobby
Description: She don't got it as the couch slips out of their grips and falls over the bottom railing.

- Rachel: Any chance you think the couch looks good there? [line_index=0]

## Scene s05e16_sc12 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Phoebe is telling Chandler and Monica how she fought crime in her own way with the badge she found.

- Phoebe: …so this guy was all And I'm all, Buffay, Homicide. It was just so cool! [line_index=0; stage=Mumbles. Flashes the badge.]
- Monica: Phoebe, you were supposed to take that back! [line_index=1; stage=cooking something]
- Phoebe: I know but I'm having so much fun doing good deeds. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Okay, but impersonating a police officer is a serious thing. You could get arrested. [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: You could get arrested, right now! All right, yeah, I gotta take it back. I'm totally drunk with power. [line_index=4; stage=Flashes the badge and they glare at her. She heads for the door just as Joey enters.]
- Phoebe: Hey. [line_index=5; stage=To Joey]
- Joey: Hey! Oh. [line_index=6; stage=To Phoebe Sees that Monica's there.]
- Chandler: Hi, Joe. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Yeah, I didn’t know you guys were going to be here. [line_index=8]
- Monica: Hey Joey, sweetie, taste this. [line_index=9; stage=Holds out a spoon for him.]
- Joey: What?! Why?! [line_index=10; stage=backing away]
- Monica: What is going on with you? [line_index=11]
- Joey: Nothing! [line_index=12]
- Chandler: Oh, come on! You've been acting strange all day! [line_index=13]
- Joey: All right! There is something. I kinda had a dream, but I don't want to talk about it. [line_index=14; stage=pause Starts for his room.]
- Chandler: Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? I kinda have a dream! I don’t want to talk about it. [line_index=15; stage=Imitating what his famous speech would sound like.]
- Joey: Well, it involved Monica. [line_index=16]
- Chandler: You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool! I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing. Anyway we're talking about your dream. I love you. Your dream? [line_index=17; stage=To Monica Seeing Monica's stare. To Joey To Monica To Joey Leans in to listen closely.]
- Joey: Don't worry, there wasn't any sex in it or anything. I haven't dreamt about her like that since I found out about you two--ish. [line_index=18]
- Monica: What was the dream about? [line_index=19]
- Joey: Well, okay. You were my girlfriend and we were doing the crossword puzzle. Y'know like you guys were doing last night. So, that's it. I'm in love with Monica and I'll be moving out. [line_index=20]
- Monica: Wait, Joey! Joey! That doesn’t mean that-that you're in love with me! [line_index=21]
- Joey: It-it doesn’t? [line_index=22]
- Monica: No! [line_index=23]
- Chandler: No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud. [line_index=24]
- Joey: That kinda sounds like your dream dude. [line_index=25]
- Monica: Or, it could mean that-that you saw Chandler and me together and we y'know were being close and stuff and then you just want to have that with someone too. [line_index=26]
- Joey: In the dream I did enjoy the closeness. [line_index=27]
- Monica: Um-hmm. [line_index=28]
- Chandler: Joey, look, are you attracted to Monica? Right here, right now, are you attracted to her? [line_index=29]
- Joey: Not really. [line_index=30; stage=looks at her]
- Chandler: Well there you have it! [line_index=31]
- Monica: Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats! But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend! [line_index=32; stage=Looking at Chandler and slowly realizing what his point is.]
- Joey: No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlfriend! Yeah, we could sit in the chair and do crosswords, but y'know are we ever going to have y'know the closeness like-like you guys have? [line_index=33]
- Chandler: Well y'know, Monica and I were friends before we started dating. So maybe-maybe that's it? [line_index=34]
- Joey: Friends first? That's interesting. [line_index=35]
- Monica: You become friends after? [line_index=36]
- Joey: No, never done that either. [line_index=37]
- Rachel: Hey, umm, do you guys have that tape measure? [line_index=38; stage=entering]
- Chandler: Oh yeah, it's actually in my bedroom. [line_index=39]

## Scene s05e16_sc13 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Monica and Chandler both remember a special moment between them.

- Monica: That's right. [line_index=0; emotions=joy; stage=laughing]

## Scene s05e16_sc14 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: They realize the implication of their behavior, stop instantly and head for his bedroom. In the meanwhile, Joey is starring at Rachel in a seductive way.

- Rachel: What's up Joey? [line_index=0; stage=noticing him]
- Joey: How you doin'? [line_index=1; stage=in a sexy voice]

## Scene s05e16_sc15 | Rachel is stunned
Description: Rachel is stunned.


## Scene s05e16_sc16 | Outside Central Perk
Description: Outside Central Perk, Phoebe is walking up and notices a car that is parked half on the curb and right in front of the door, making it difficult for people to enter Central Perk.

- Phoebe: Excuse me, is this your car? [line_index=0]
- Guy: Yeah. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Well I don't think it's very nice of you to park here, y'know you're blocking the entrance. [line_index=2]
- Guy: Don't worry about it. It's not a problem. [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Well, it's a problem for me, which means it's a problem for you 'cause I'm a cop. [line_index=4; stage=Shows the badge.]
- Guy: So am I! [line_index=5; stage=he reaches into the car and slams his siren on the roof.]
- Phoebe: Ohh, no. Oh okay, so you're a cop which means you can park anywhere, 'cause I know that 'cause I'm a cop too. So, all right, keep up the good work. 10-4. [line_index=6; stage=Pause Tries to leave.]
- Cop: Hey, wait a second! So wait, what precinct are you with? [line_index=7; stage=stopping her]
- Phoebe: I-I'm with the umm, the 57 th . [line_index=8]
- Cop: Oh, I know a guy in homicide up there. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: I'm in vice. Yeah, in fact I'm undercover right now. I'm a whore. [line_index=10]
- Cop: Who-who else is in vice up there? [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Umm, do you know, umm Sipowicz? [line_index=12]
- Cop: Sipowicz? No, I don't think so. [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: Yeah, big guy, kinda bald. [line_index=14]
- Cop: No, I don't know him. [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Don’t try to call him or anything, 'cause he's not there, he's out. His umm, his partner just died. [line_index=16; stage=starts to walk away, but stops]
- Cop: Wow umm, tell Sipowicz I'm real sorry for his loss. [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: I-I sure will, take care. [line_index=18; stage=Starts walking off.]
- Cop: Hey by the way, I'm sure Sipowicz is gonna be all right. I heard that kid from Silver Spoons is really good. And where did you find my badge? [line_index=19; stage=following her Phoebe's stunned]
- Phoebe: Oh. [line_index=20; emotions=joy; stage=She starts laughing. Then she throws the badge at him and runs away.]

## Scene s05e16_sc17 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Joey is entering. Rachel is there getting some tools to help Ross out.

- Rachel: Hey! Joey, would you mind giving me and Ross a hand moving his couch? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Oh, I'd love too, but I got acting class. But y'know what? I guess I can blow that off, for you. [line_index=1; stage=In a sexy voice]

## Scene s05e16_sc18 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: He starts staring at her longingly.

- Rachel: Thanks! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Uh, hey, Rach let me ask you something. Uh, I was just over there talking to Monica and Chandler, boy they are really tight. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I know. [line_index=2]
- Joey: Yeah that's not such a bad situation they got going over there. I'm thinking of getting me one of those. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: What's up Joe? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Well, the reason I think Monica and Chandler are so great… [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Yeah? [line_index=6]
- Joey: …is because they were friends first. Y'know? So I asked myself, "Who are my friends?" You and Phoebe, and I saw you first. So… [line_index=7]
- Rachel: What are you saying? [line_index=8; emotions=joy; stage=laughing]
- Joey: I'm saying maybe you and I crank it up a notch. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Y'know honey, umm, as uh, as flattered as I am that uh, you saw me first, uhh, I just, I-I don't think we should be cranking anything up. [line_index=10]
- Joey: I'll treat you real nice. [line_index=11; stage=Pulls out a chair for her.]
- Rachel: Yeah, well, y'know umm… No honey, listen I think it's a great idea to become friends with someone before you date them, but I think the way you do it is y'know you meet someone, become their friend, build a foundation, then you ask them out on a date. Don't hit on your existing friends! [line_index=12; stage=laughs and pushes the chair back in]
- Joey: Won't-won't that take longer? [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Yeah. Yeah. Oh, but once you find it, ohh it's so worth the wait. [line_index=14]
- Joey: Yeah. I understand. I understand. Man , I wish I saw Phoebe first! [line_index=15; stage=Pause]

## Scene s05e16_sc19 | The lobby of Ross's building
Description: The lobby of Ross's building, he's sitting on the couch at the bottom of the stairs, and he's practicing enticing women to join him on the couch.

- Ross: Come here to me. No-no, you come here to me. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Hey Ross! I brought reinforcements. [line_index=1; stage=entering]
- Ross: Oh great! What, you brought Joey? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Well, I brought the next best thing. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=4; stage=entering]
- Ross: Chandler?! You brought Chandler?! The next best thing would be Monica! [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Y'know, I would be offended, but Monica is freakishly strong, so… [line_index=6]
- Ross: Look, I-I drew a sketch about how we're gonna do it. Okay Rach, that's you. That's the couch. [line_index=7; stage=Showing them points to the sketch Points again.]
- Rachel: Whoa-oh, what's-what's that? [line_index=8; stage=Points.]
- Ross: Oh, that's me. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Wow! You certainly think a lot of yourself. [line_index=10]
- Ross: No! That's-that's my arm! [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Oh, I see. I thought you just really, really liked your new couch. [line_index=12; stage=looking at the sketch]
- Ross: Y'know what? Just-just follow my lead. [line_index=13]

## Scene s05e16_sc20 | The lobby of Ross's building
Description: Chandler and Ross head for opposite ends of the couch.

- Rachel: Okay! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Okay. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Come on, Chandler. [line_index=2]

## Scene s05e16_sc21 | The lobby of Ross's building
Description: They pick up the couch and after throwing off the last pillow; Rachel helps out on Chandler's end.

- Ross: All right. Okay, here we go! [line_index=0; stage=They start up the stairs. Ross is first.]

## Scene s05e16_sc22 | The lobby of Ross's building
Description: Chandler has moved forward and is now underneath the couch as it heads up the first set of stairs.

- Ross: All right, ready? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Yeah. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Turn. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Okay. [line_index=3; stage=straining]
- Ross: Turn! Turn! [line_index=4]

## Scene s05e16_sc23 | The lobby of Ross's building
Description: As they turn the couch, Chandler gets sandwiched between the railing and the couch.

- Chandler: Okay, I don't think we can turn anymore! [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Ross, I don't, I just don't think it's going to fit. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Oh yeah it will! Come on, up! Up-up-up! Up! Yes! Here we go! Pivot! Pivot! Piv-ot! Piv-et!! Piv-ett!!! Piv-et! [line_index=2; stage=They start up the stairs again. Chandler is between the couch and the wall now.]
- Chandler: Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!! [line_index=3]

## Scene s05e16_sc24 | The lobby of Ross's building
Description: They set the couch down.

- Ross: Okay, I don't think it's going to pivot anymore. [line_index=0]
- Ross: All right, let's uh, let's bring it back down and-and try again. [line_index=1]

## Scene s05e16_sc25 | The lobby of Ross's building
Description: As they start back down the couch drops a little bit and gets jammed. They try to free it to no avail.

- Chandler: Okay, yeah, I think it's really stuck now. [line_index=0]
- Ross: I can't believe that didn't work! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I know, me neither! I mean, you had a sketch! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Oh, y'know, what did you mean when you said pivot? [line_index=3]

## Scene s05e16_sc26 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is returning and finds Chandler, Monica, and Rachel are there.

- Joey: Hey! [line_index=0; stage=entering]
- Rachel: Hey! How's it going? Did you make any new friends? [line_index=1]
- Joey: Yeah, yeah, I met this woman. [line_index=2; stage=Starts for his room.]
- Chandler: Hey, whoa-whoa! What's she like? [line_index=3; stage=stopping him]
- Joey: Uhh, well, she's…really good in bed. [line_index=4]
- Monica: Joey, I thought you were gonna try to be friends first! [line_index=5]
- Joey: Well look, hey, it's all your fault! [line_index=6; stage=To Rachel]
- Rachel: What?! Why?! [line_index=7]
- Joey: Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wanted to y'know, build a foundation and be friends first. I suddenly, through no fault of my own, became irresistible to her! And her roommate! [line_index=8; stage=Pause]
- Monica: What about the closeness? [line_index=9]
- Joey: Closeness-shmoshness! There was three of us for crying out loud! [line_index=10]

## Scene s05e16_sc27 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Joey is entering with a pizza and finds everyone but Ross there.

- Joey: All right! Hey, who wants pizza?! [line_index=0; stage=entering]
- Chandler: Ooh, I do! I do! I do! [line_index=1]

## Scene s05e16_sc28 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: They all walk over to get a slice.

- Joey: Oh, great! Can you believe I found it on the second floor? [line_index=0; stage=taking a bite]

## Scene s05e16_sc29 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: They all throw their pieces back as there is a knock on the door.

- Monica: Who is it? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Uhh, just a minute officer!! [line_index=1]

## Scene s05e16_sc30 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: He throws his piece back in the box, runs into the living room, looks for a place to hide the pizza, finds one, slides the box under the couch, sits down on the table, and tries to quickly chew the food in his mouth.

- Phoebe: Ooh, God, it's him! It's that cop! God, I can't believe it! He found me! [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Oh my God, Phoebe, are you gonna go to jail?! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Well, if I'm going down, I'm taking you with me. Harboring a fugitive? That's one to three years minimum. Good luck Chandler. Okay, you can arrest me. Fine. But you'll never make it stick and you know it! [line_index=2; stage=Points at all of them They all look at her. She opens the door to the cop from before.]
- Cop: Yeah, but I kinda don't have a choice, it's my job. I mean, you understand right? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Yep! As long as you understand that I'm going to call my lawyer and once he puts you on the stand he'll make you look like a fool. A fool! [line_index=4]
- Cop: I don't like looking foolish. Y'know what? Maybe uh, I don't arrest you today. Maybe I came by and you weren't here. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: I would love it if I weren't here! [line_index=6]
- Cop: Okay, so since umm, you're not going to jail tonight I was wondering if you would like to go to dinner with me? [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Me?! [line_index=8]
- Cop: Yeah. Ever since you flashed my badge at me, I kinda can't stop thinking about you. You're the prettiest, fake undercover whore I've ever seen. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Wow! I didn't see that coming! You're-you're asking me out! [line_index=10]
- Cop: Yeah. I mean, I coulda done it better, but these people keep staring at me. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Umm, yeah, I'd like to go out with you officer… [line_index=12]
- Cop: Gary. [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: Gary. [line_index=14]
- Gary: Okay, so it's a date. [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Yeah! So--ooh, I gotta ask you though. How did you know where to find me? [line_index=16]
- Gary: Well you're fingerprints were all over my badge so I just ran it through the computer and this was listed as your last known address so I just checked it out. [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: Ohh, impressive. [line_index=18]
- Gary: Not as impressive as you. I gotta tell you, I looked at your record and you've done some pretty weird stuff. [line_index=19]
- Phoebe: Yeah, we'll talk at dinner. [line_index=20]
- Gary: Okay. So I'll come by in a couple hours and pick you up? [line_index=21; stage=He starts to leave.]
- Phoebe: All right, I can't wait! [line_index=22]
- Gary: Okay. And don't worry, I'm not just gonna take you out for donuts. [line_index=23]

## Scene s05e16_sc31 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Chandler busts out laughing and everyone just looks at him.

- Chandler: He has a gun! [line_index=0; stage=To Rachel]

## Scene s05e16_sc32 | The couch store
Description: The couch store, Ross is talking to a saleswoman.

- Ross: I'd like to return this couch. I'm not satisfied with it. [line_index=0]
- The Saleswoman: You wanna return this couch? It's cut in half! [line_index=1; stage=Ross nods yes.]
- Ross: That's what I'm telling you. [line_index=2]
- The Saleswoman: Did you cut this couch in half? [line_index=3]
- Ross: This couch, is cut in half ! I would like to exchange it for one that is not cut in half! [line_index=4]
- The Saleswoman: You're telling me this couch was delivered to you like this?! [line_index=5]
- Ross: Look, I am a reasonable man. I will accept store credit. [line_index=6]
- The Saleswoman: I'll give you store credit in the amount of four dollars. [line_index=7]
- Ross: I take it. [line_index=8; stage=thinks]
