---
episode_id: s05e07
title: The One Where Ross Moves In
season: 5
episode: 7
---

# S05E07 The One Where Ross Moves In

## Scene s05e07_sc01 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Chandler and Joey are there. Joey is looking at a National Geographic and giggling.

- Chandler: Are you looking at naked tribe's women? [line_index=0]
- Joey: No, look. [line_index=1; stage=Shows him the magazine.]
- Chandler: That's a pig. [line_index=2]
- Joey: I know, I know, but look at the knobs on her. [line_index=3]

## Scene s05e07_sc02 | Central Perk
Description: Ross enters and his hair is a mess.

- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=0; stage=Joey quickly hides the magazine under the couch.]
- Ross: Emily's cousin kicked me out! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: What?! [line_index=2]
- Joey: Why? [line_index=3]
- Ross: Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, sometimes the cousin suddenly wants his apartment back. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: How can he do that? Didn't you sign a lease? [line_index=5]
- Ross: Who needs a lease when it's family ! [line_index=6]
- Joey: Hey, you can stay with us! We'll take care of ya! [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling better so that we can make fun of your hair! [line_index=8]
- Joey: Yeah. [line_index=9]
- Ross: You got it. [line_index=10]
- Joey: Okay. [line_index=11]
- Ross: Thanks you guys, I really appreciate this. All right, I'm gonna get packing again. Man, I've been moving around so much I'm beginning to feel like a nomad. [line_index=12]

## Scene s05e07_sc03 | Joey starts giggling
Description: Joey starts giggling.

- Ross: What? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: He thought you said gonad. [line_index=1]

## Scene s05e07_sc04 | Joey busts out laughing
Description: Joey busts out laughing.


## Scene s05e07_sc05 | Monica's restaurant
Description: Monica's restaurant, she is getting inspected by the health department, Phoebe is watching.

- Monica: Oh, Larry. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Umm, do health inspectors work on commission? [line_index=1]
- Larry: No, bribes. [line_index=2]

## Scene s05e07_sc06 | Phoebe laughs
Description: Phoebe laughs.

- Phoebe: It's okay to laugh right? [line_index=0]
- Larry: Yeah, I was just kidding. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Okay. [line_index=2; stage=She laughs harder.]
- Larry: I'll check the kitchen floors. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Okay, knock yourself out, Larry. [line_index=4]

## Scene s05e07_sc07 | Phoebe laughs
Description: He goes into the kitchen.

- Phoebe: Yum-my! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Larry? [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Oh yeah! I'd let him check out my kitchen floors. [line_index=2]
- Larry: A 98. I deducted 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 violation. [line_index=3; stage=entering]
- Monica: Uh, look, Larry honey, umm, I wrote the book on Section 5 and I know that you don't have to wear your hat unless you're in the kitchen. [line_index=4]
- Larry: And where is your hat? [line_index=5]
- Monica: It's in the kitchen, I'll go get it. [line_index=6]

## Scene s05e07_sc08 | Phoebe laughs
Description: She heads for the kitchen door and just after she goes through the door…

- Larry: Ahh that's the 2 points. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Hey, you should really read that book you wrote. Wow! You saw the hat in the kitchen and knew that she'd have to go in there hatless to get it. You can have your own health inspector detective show! [line_index=1; stage=To Larry]
- Larry: Oh, I don't know about that. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Yeah, but then I can be you sidekick Vunda. [line_index=3]
- Larry: Maybe uh, Vunda could give me her number and I can ask her to dinner sometime. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Okay, she would love that! Y'know, 'cause you know all the clean places to eat. [line_index=5]
- Larry: I-I'll call ya. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Okay. [line_index=7]

## Scene s05e07_sc09 | Phoebe laughs
Description: Larry goes to leave but heads the wrong way and makes a quick sidestep to go out the right door.

- Phoebe: He's so funny! [line_index=0; stage=She imitates what he just did.]

## Scene s05e07_sc10 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Gunther is serving Monica and Rachel.

- Monica: Thanks. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Thank you. Mon? [line_index=1; stage=To Monica]
- Monica: Hmm? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: How's Ross doing? Y'know since all the Emily stuff. [line_index=3]
- Monica: He's not great umm, but he's dealing with it. Oh wait a minute, you're not gonna try… [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Oh, honey, please, no, I can't get started with all that Ross stuff again. I mean, he's gonna screwed up for a looong time. And besides y'know, I don't, I don't go for guys right after they get divorced. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Right, you only go for them 5 minutes before they get married. [line_index=6]

## Scene s05e07_sc11 | Danny enters
Description: Danny enters.

- Danny: Two pounds of Moca Java please. [line_index=0; stage=To Gunther]
- Monica: Danny. Are you guys ever gonna go out again? [line_index=1; stage=To Monica]
- Rachel: I don't know! He hasn't called me since that one time when we went out. I see him in the hallway, we flirt, I'm all ha-ha-ha-ha, and nothing. [line_index=2]
- Danny: Hey! [line_index=3; stage=To them]
- Rachel: Hi Danny! Wow! Thirsty huh? [line_index=4; stage=Notices his box of liquor he's carrying.]
- Danny: Uh, actually, actually, I'm having a party at my place on Saturday, it's sort of a house warming kind of thing. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Ohh, fun! [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Ohh, great! [line_index=7]
- Danny: Yeah, I'm really looking forward to it. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=9]
- Danny: Okay, see ya. [line_index=10; stage=Heads out.]
- Monica: Well, I guess we won't be warming his house. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Okay. All right, I see what he's doing! He's not asking me out, because he wants me to ask him out. [line_index=12; stage=laughs]
- Monica: And you're not gonna do that. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: That's right! 'Cause that would give him the control! So now he's all ooh, coming up with this whole I've got a party thing y'know, trying to get me to hint around for an invitation. Blew up in his face, didn't it? [line_index=14]
- Monica: So-so there is no party. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: No, there's a party. There's a party. But the power, that is still up for grabs. You follow me? [line_index=16]
- Monica: I think so. Se, he-he's not inviting you to his party because he likes you. [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Exactly. [line_index=18]

## Scene s05e07_sc12 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, they're entering to find boxes strewn about the apartment.

- Joey: Ross? [line_index=0]
- Ross: Hey roomies! [line_index=1; stage=entering from the bathroom]
- Chandler: Love what you've done with the place. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Oh, yeah I know, I know, it's a lot of boxes, but again I really appreciate you guys letting me stay here. [line_index=3]
- Joey: Not a problem. And listen, hey! Since you're gonna be here for a while, why don't—I was thinking we uh, put your name on the answering machine. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Oh yeah! [line_index=5]
- Ross: Oh, I uh, hope you don't mind, I kinda uh, jazzed it up a little. Check this out. We will, we will, call you back! [line_index=6; stage=He plays the greeting, and We Will Rock You starts to play and Ross's voice comes over it.]
- Joey: Hey, all right! [line_index=7]
- Ross: Pretty cool, huh? [line_index=8]

## Scene s05e07_sc13 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: They both laugh as Ross heads back to the bathroom.

- Joey: You're fake laughing too, right? [line_index=0; stage=To Chandler]
- Chandler: Oh, the tears are real. [line_index=1]

## Scene s05e07_sc14 | A restaurant
Description: A restaurant, Phoebe and Larry are having dinner.

- Larry: You look beautiful this evening. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Show me the badge again. [line_index=1; stage=smiles]

## Scene s05e07_sc15 | A restaurant
Description: He looks around and flashes her his badge and she laughs.

- Phoebe: Shiny. [line_index=0]
- Larry: Oh, will you mind if I wash up? Because I came straight from work and who knows where these babies have been. [line_index=1; stage=Holds up his hands]
- Phoebe: You are just nonstop! [line_index=2; emotions=joy; stage=laughing]

## Scene s05e07_sc16 | A restaurant
Description: He goes to the bathroom and Phoebe puts some pepper and salt on her food. With the salt she takes a bit and throws it over her left shoulder as she faces us.

- Larry: We're outta here! [line_index=0; stage=coming back]
- Phoebe: Why?! [line_index=1]
- Larry: Just walking past the kitchen I saw 10 violations! I'm shutting this place down! [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: You have the power to do that? [line_index=3; stage=awed]
- Larry: This does. [line_index=4; stage=Shows her his badge.]
- Phoebe: Shut it down. [line_index=5; emotions=joy; stage=excited]

## Scene s05e07_sc17 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is entering. As he closes the door, Joey pokes his head up from a box enclosure built using the 2 chairs.

- Joey: Hey. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: What are you doing? [line_index=1]
- Joey: Nothing. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: You built a fort didn't ya? [line_index=3]
- Joey: Kinda. [line_index=4; stage=smiles]
- Chandler: Oh my God, the air purifier! Ross's air purifier! All I heard through 4 years of college was [line_index=5; stage=notices something makes a humming noise.]
- Joey: Dude, you should've gone out once and a while. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: I hate this thing! [line_index=7]
- Joey: Come on, Chandler, Ross is our friend. He needs us right now, so why don't you be a grown up and come and watch some TV in the fort! [line_index=8]

## Scene s05e07_sc18 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is opening the door.

- Rachel: Oh, hi Danny. [line_index=0]
- Danny: Hey guys, I just uh, wanted to invite you to the party tomorrow night. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Oh, thanks! We'll try to stop by. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Uh, actually, I think I'm gonna be busy. [line_index=3]
- Monica: You are? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Yeah! Remember I got that uh, gala. [line_index=5]
- Danny: Yeah, what's the gala for? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: It's a uh, regatta gala. [line_index=7]
- Danny: Really! You-you sail? [line_index=8]
- Rachel: No-no, but I support it. [line_index=9]
- Danny: Okay, hope I see you tomorrow night. [line_index=10; stage=To Monica]
- Monica: Okay. [line_index=11]
- Danny: Take care. [line_index=12; stage=Leaves.]
- Rachel: Okay. Walked right into that one didn't he? [line_index=13; stage=Closes the door.]
- Monica: What one? You wanted him to invite you to the party and he did it! [line_index=14]
- Rachel: Yeah, but he waited until the last minute! So if I said yes, he would know I had nothing better to do than wait around for an invitation to his stupid party. I said, "No!" Which puts me right back in the driver seat. [line_index=15]
- Monica: Great. So the ball is in his court? [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Ball? There is no ball. [line_index=17]

## Scene s05e07_sc19 | Chandler and Joey's and Ross's
Description: Chandler and Joey's and Ross's, Ross is working on his computer and Joey is making a lot of noise.

- Ross: Joey, please! [line_index=0; stage=glaring at him Motions to his computer.]
- Joey: Sorry. [line_index=1]

## Scene s05e07_sc20 | Chandler and Joey's and Ross's
Description: Joey starts playing with a toy alligator and has it attack him.

- Joey: Ahhhhhhhhhh… [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Hello children! [line_index=1; stage=entering]
- Joey: Hey! Wanna play some foosball? Please? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Okay. [line_index=3; stage=Starts to head for where the foosball table usually is.]
- Joey: No-no, no! We have to move the table into my room, yeah! 'Cause of all the boxes. Come on! [line_index=4]

## Scene s05e07_sc21 | Chandler and Joey's and Ross's
Description: They go into his bedroom.

- Joey: All right, I have one question. What is the deal with this? [line_index=0; stage=Imitates Ross's 'quiet down' maneuver, but does move his hands up and down he just flaps his hands as if he's waving good-bye.]
- Chandler: Bye-bye little puppet Joey hand? [line_index=1]
- Joey: No, the quiet down thing! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: You mean this. [line_index=3; stage=Does the maneuver perfectly.]
- Joey: Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him! [line_index=5; stage=gasps]
- Joey: All right, I guess I can hold out a little longer. Let's have a game. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Okay. [line_index=7]

## Scene s05e07_sc22 | They start playing
Description: They start playing.

- Chandler: No-no-no-no! [line_index=0]
- Joey: YES!! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Uh fellas, [line_index=2; stage=entering Does the maneuver and gives them a double thumbs up, which Chandler returns as he closes the door.]
- Chandler: Okay, so he's out of here. [line_index=3]
- Joey: Um-hmm. [line_index=4]

## Scene s05e07_sc23 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: Monica and Rachel's, Monica, Rachel, and Phoebe are there.

- Joey: Hey! [line_index=0; stage=entering]
- Monica: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Joey: You guys got anything to eat? I just went down to Johnos for some chicken and it was closed! [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Oh, I took Larry there to eat but it was all violated. So we shut it down! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Pheebs, if this guy keeps closing down all of our favorite places, where are we gonna eat?! [line_index=4]
- Monica: I don't know, clean places? [line_index=5]
- Joey: Umm, yum! [line_index=6]

## Scene s05e07_sc24 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: There's a knock on the door and Monica answers it.

- Monica: It's Danny. [line_index=0; stage=looking through the peephole]
- Rachel: Don't let him in! I'm supposed to be at a regatta gala. [line_index=1]
- Monica: We'll be right there! Can't you just say it starts later? [line_index=2; stage=to Danny To Rachel]
- Rachel: What? What kind of a regatta gala starts at night?! [line_index=3]
- Monica: The fake kind! [line_index=4]

## Scene s05e07_sc25 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: She opens the door and Rachel hides behind it.

- Danny: Hey, hi, I need a ladle. You got a ladle? [line_index=0]
- Monica: We have a ladle. [line_index=1; stage=Gives him one.]
- Danny: Thanks, see you at the party. [line_index=2]
- Monica: Okay, great! [line_index=3]

## Scene s05e07_sc26 | Monica and Rachel's
Description: He leaves and she closes the door.

- Phoebe: Hey, guys, you know what Larry would say? He would say, "See you ladle." [line_index=0; stage=Laughs.]

## Scene s05e07_sc27 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Chandler, Joey, and Ross are there. Chandler and Joey are looking through the paper.

- Chandler: Well, I-I-I'm done with this. You want anything Ross? Sports? International? Apartment listings? [line_index=0]
- Ross: I'll take sports. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Mine! [line_index=2; stage=He grabs it.]
- Ross: All right. Uhh, international. [line_index=3]
- Joey: Oh that's mine too! I'm Italian! [line_index=4; stage=Grabs it and Ross looks at him.]
- Ross: Well, I guess I can check out those apartment listings, even though there's never anything in here. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Not even on page 7? [line_index=6]
- Ross: Oh yeah! You're—hey, you're right! Here's an affordable place, two bedroom, close to work, ooh, it's available in five weeks! [line_index=7; stage=looks reading ad]
- Chandler: What about that circled one? [line_index=8]
- Ross: Oh, I-I don't know, it's kind of expensive for a studio. [line_index=9]
- Joey: But it's available now! Isn't it? [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Yes, it is. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Hey, let's go look at it! [line_index=12; stage=They both jump up.]
- Ross: Okay, let's go. [line_index=13]
- Joey: Okay! [line_index=14]
- Chandler: There we go! [line_index=15]
- Ross: Oh-oh-ooh, hey guys, I was wondering if you guys would uh, maybe chip in on some new air filters for the air purifier? I mean after all, we all are using it. [line_index=16]
- Chandler: Let's go quicker. [line_index=17]
- Joey: Yeah! [line_index=18]

## Scene s05e07_sc28 | The apartment in the listing
Description: The apartment in the listing, the guys are checking it out. There's one problem though, it's roughly the size of this computer screen. As they enter Joey lets out a whistle.

- Ross: Oh my God! [line_index=0; stage=Looking around, which doesn't take him long.]
- Chandler: Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in the tub. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Somebody was using his head. Hey, let's check out the rest of the place. [line_index=2]

## Scene s05e07_sc29 | The apartment in the listing
Description: They don't move, just look all around them.

- Ross: I think this is it. I don't know, maybe we should keep looking. [line_index=0]
- Joey: But hey, Ross, this place is available now! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Yeah, you don't want to be stuck with us for the next five weeks. [line_index=2]
- Joey: Yeah. [line_index=3]

## Scene s05e07_sc30 | He looks at them
Description: He looks at them.

- Ross: So, you-you think I should go ahead and take this place? [line_index=0; stage=To Joey]
- Joey: Oh, it's perfect! [line_index=1]
- Ross: How about you? [line_index=2; stage=To Chandler]
- Chandler: It's a kitchen slash bathroom. [line_index=3]
- Ross: All right, I see what you guys are saying. I'll uh, I'll go downstairs and fill out an application. [line_index=4]

## Scene s05e07_sc31 | He exits
Description: He exits.

- Chandler: We are bad people. [line_index=0]
- Joey: He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew! You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen? [line_index=1; stage=Pause.]

## Scene s05e07_sc32 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe is there waiting for Larry.

- Larry: Hey, ready for dinner? [line_index=0; stage=entering]
- Phoebe: Ooh, absolutely! [line_index=1]
- Larry: Great! How about you wanted to go the Italian place down on Bleaker Street right? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Ooh, I love that place! So, no. [line_index=3; stage=Thinks about it.]
- Larry: How about Mama Lisettie's? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Enh. Sure! [line_index=5]
- Larry: I wonder how long that milk has been setting out. [line_index=6; stage=notices something on the counter]
- Phoebe: Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That—this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know. Okay, let's go! [line_index=7; stage=She takes a swig of it, but has to turn away from him as she makes a face to show that it has gone bad.]

## Scene s05e07_sc33 | Central Perk
Description: Just as they're about to leave, Gunther comes out of the back carrying two garbage bags. Larry sees this and stops him.

- Larry: Hey, buddy! Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material out the back exit? [line_index=0; stage=Flashes his badge.]
- Gunther: But then I'd have to go all the way around the dry cleaner place. [line_index=1]
- Larry: Oh, so you're saying you'd choose convenience over health?! [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Okay, stop! Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy? Y'know I mean it was really exciting at first but now it's like, okay, so where are we gonna eat ever? [line_index=3]
- Larry: Well, I suppose I could give him a warning. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Thank you. Okay, go! Go! Go! Now, if after dinner you still really need to bust someone, I know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose. [line_index=5; stage=To Gunther, who's standing there frozen He runs off. To Larry]

## Scene s05e07_sc34 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler and Joey are lamenting about how they kicked Ross out.

- Joey: Maybe, maybe we did a good thing, helping Ross get back on his feet! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Yes that was a nice place! [line_index=1]
- Joey: Yeah! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Not a lot of closet space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Yeah! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: What are we gonna do? [line_index=5]
- Joey: I don't know. Maybe pizza? [line_index=6]
- Chandler: About Ross! [line_index=7]
- Joey: Oh! Oh! [line_index=8]

## Scene s05e07_sc35 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: The phone rings and Joey answers it.

- Joey: Hello! Oh yeah! It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. Ross is the greatest guy you'll ever meet! Yeah, he's very reliable. [line_index=0; stage=Listens. To Chandler To the apartment manager.]
- Chandler: Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night. Well, who doesn't love dogs? Ah, he's a tap dancer! Yes, some would say that is a lost art. He's a pimp! There you go! Yes, he's a pimp. He's a big, tap dancing pimp! Hello? [line_index=1; stage=grabbing the phone Listens. Thinks. Listens. Thinks. Listens. Pause.]

## Scene s05e07_sc36 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: The apartment manager hung up on him and he hangs up the phone and throws in on the chair. Joey motions, "What the hell was that?" Chandler makes a face to say, "Think about it." Joey tries to divide 136 by 13; he's confused. Suddenly, light dawns on yonder dunder head. He gets it.

- Chandler: Ohhhhh! [line_index=0]

## Scene s05e07_sc37 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Joey motions, "Now, that's thinking!"


## Scene s05e07_sc38 | Downstairs at Danny's party
Description: Downstairs at Danny's party, Monica and Rachel are coming down the stairs and Rachel has on a coat to make it look as if she's just getting back. But just as they reach the landing they see Danny out in the hall talking to a guest, Rachel then quickly pulls Monica back up the stairs.

- Rachel: Shoot, shoot, this is never gonna work! He's right there! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Just go over and say hi. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: No, I have to go downstairs and come back up as if I'm coming home from the regatta gala. Okay? So just go distract him. But don't be sexy. [line_index=2]

## Scene s05e07_sc39 | Monica obeys
Description: Monica obeys.

- Monica: Hey, Danny! [line_index=0]
- Danny: Hey! What's going on? [line_index=1]
- Monica: Oh, it's a great party! Great food. Y'know, most parties it's all chips and salsa, chips and salsa. So umm, what's this? [line_index=2; stage=turns his back to the stairs As she's saying this Rachel tries to head downstairs but is blocked by people coming upstairs. She quickly retreats back up the stairs. Sees that she has to keep him distracted longer. Points to his plate.]
- Danny: Salad. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Ooooh! And-and-and what-what's this? [line_index=4; stage=Rachel now succeeds in getting downstairs. Points again.]
- Danny: Bread. Aren't you a chef? [line_index=5]

## Scene s05e07_sc40 | Rachel returns
Description: Rachel returns.

- Monica: Oh. [line_index=0; stage=upon seeing Rachel she points]
- Danny: Hey! Rachel! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Hey! Oh right, tonight was your party. [line_index=2]
- Danny: Oh wow, you look great! Glad you could make it. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Oh well, y'know, the gala had to end sometime. [line_index=4]
- Danny: Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back. [line_index=5; stage=He heads off.]
- Rachel: Yeah, sure. All right, whose court is the ball in now? [line_index=6; stage=To Monica]
- Monica: I thought there wasn't a ball? [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Oh, come on! He's glad that I came, he doesn't want me to go anywhere, balls flying all over the place! [line_index=8]
- Danny: Rachel, this is my friend Tom. This is the girl I told you about. [line_index=9; stage=returning, with a friend To Tom]
- Rachel: Oh, go on! You telling people about me? [line_index=10]
- Danny: You two could really hit it off! I'm gonna go mingle. [line_index=11; stage=Leaves.]
- Tom: So you work at Bloomingdale's , huh? My mom calls it Bloomies. [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Yeah, okay, at ease solider! [line_index=13; stage=laughs]
- Tom: I'm sorry? [line_index=14]
- Rachel: No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's wingman right? You guys are best buds. Frat bros! [line_index=15]
- Tom: I'm gonna go talk to uh, a friend. [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Yeah, yeah, you go talk to your friend. You tell him, "Nice try." [line_index=17]

## Scene s05e07_sc41 | He walks off
Description: He walks off.

- Rachel: Man! He just keeps lobbing them up and I just keep knocking them right out of the park! [line_index=0]
- Monica: I think I need a drink. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Yeah! [line_index=2]

## Scene s05e07_sc42 | He walks off
Description: They go get a drink.


## Scene s05e07_sc43 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Ross still has boxes all over the place. Joey is wearing a football helmet, and Chandler is spinning him around in one of the chairs and counting.

- Chandler: 98. 99. 100. Okay, go! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Dude, I'm telling ya! I'm fine! [line_index=1; stage=getting up He tries to take a step and falls flat on his face.]

## Scene s05e07_sc44 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: He tries to get up again and starts falling backwards and Chandler catches him.

- Chandler: Here we go! Here we go! [line_index=0]

## Scene s05e07_sc45 | Ross enters
Description: Ross enters.

- Joey: Hey! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hey. So I uh, I didn't get that apartment. Some problem with my application. [line_index=2]
- Joey: You're kidding! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: You're kidding, no! [line_index=4]
- Ross: Yeah. But, the good news is that Phoebe said that I could stay at her place for a while. So… [line_index=5]
- Joey: But you can't stay with Phoebe, Ross! We're-we're roomies! [line_index=6]
- Ross: Look, you guys don't need me here taking up your space. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Well, we got plenty of space! There-there's still some over there by-by that speaker. Please, just stay! [line_index=8; stage=Points to where the window is but sees that there isn't any space there and points towards his door.]
- Chandler: Yeah! [line_index=9]
- Ross: Are you guys sure about this? [line_index=10]
- Joey: Definitely! [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Yes! Ross, you have to stay! [line_index=12]
- Ross: All right. [line_index=13]
- Joey: All right! [line_index=14]
- Chandler: All right, buddy! [line_index=15]
- Ross: So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is bothering you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my annoying habits just . [line_index=16; stage=Does the 'quiet down' maneuver]

## Scene s05e07_sc46 | Ross enters
Description: Chandler and Joey smile, but when Ross turns away look at each other with looks of horror.


## Scene s05e07_sc47 | Chandler and Joey's and Ross's
Description: Chandler and Joey's and Ross's, Chandler is entering and when he closes the door Joey pops his head out of the fort like before, but this time he's wearing a cowboy hat.

- Chandler: Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much? [line_index=0]
- Ross: Come on, it's fun! [line_index=1; stage=popping up behind Joey wearing an Indian headdress]
- Chandler: All right! Isn't this a woman's hat? [line_index=2; stage=He joins them in the fort and comes up putting on a bonnet.]
- Joey: Dude, stop talking crazy and make us some tea! [line_index=3]

## Scene s05e07_sc48 | Chandler does so
Description: Chandler does so.
