---
episode_id: s06e08
title: The One With Ross's Teeth
season: 6
episode: 8
---

# S06E08 The One With Ross's Teeth

## Scene s06e08_sc01 | Joey and Janine’s
Description: Joey and Janine’s, Chandler knocks on the front door. Joey answers the door.


## Scene s06e08_sc02 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, The gangs all here. Monica is walking in.


## Scene s06e08_sc03 | Rachel’s office
Description: Rachel’s office, Phoebe hands Rachel a key card.


## Scene s06e08_sc04 | Joey and Janine’s apartment
Description: Joey and Janine’s apartment, Joey stares at a picture of a bay on the wall. Janine comes out of her room.


## Scene s06e08_sc05 | Elevator at the Ralph Lauren offices
Description: Elevator at the Ralph Lauren offices, Rachel gets on her boss Kim is there.


## Scene s06e08_sc06 | ; Central Perk
Description: ; Central Perk, Monica and Chandler are on the couch. Ross walks in.


## Scene s06e08_sc07 | Ross’s Apartment
Description: Ross’s Apartment, Ross and Monica are there.


## Scene s06e08_sc08 | Chandler’s and Monica’s apartment
Description: Chandler’s and Monica’s apartment, Chandler and Monica are sitting at the kitchen table making potpourri sachets.


## Scene s06e08_sc09 | Joey and Janine’s apartment
Description: Joey and Janine’s apartment, Chandler walks in. Joey and Janine are knitting at the kitchen counter.


## Scene s06e08_sc10 | Ross’s apartment
Description: Ross’s apartment, Chandler enters. Ross is putting on makeup.


## Scene s06e08_sc11 | Elevator at the Ralph Lauren offices
Description: Elevator at the Ralph Lauren offices, Kim’s waiting for it. The door opens and Rachel is inside.


## Scene s06e08_sc12 | Hillary’s apartmen
Description: Hillary’s apartmen,. Hillary and Ross are having dinner. He is avoiding opening his mouth.


## Scene s06e08_sc13 | Joey and Janine’s apartment
Description: Joey and Janine’s apartment, Joey and Monica are arranging flowers. Chandler walks in.


## Scene s06e08_sc14 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe and Rachel are there.


## Scene s06e08_sc15 | Hillary’s apartment
Description: Hillary’s apartment, Hillary and Ross are finishing up their date.


## Scene s06e08_sc16 | Elevator at the Ralph Lauren Offices
Description: Elevator at the Ralph Lauren Offices, Rachel gets in . Kim is there.


## Scene s06e08_sc17 | Joey and Janine’s apartment
Description: Joey and Janine’s apartment, Joey paces the floor waiting for Janine. She walks in.
