---
episode_id: s06e15
title: The One That Could Have Been
season: 6
episode: 15
---

# S06E15 The One That Could Have Been

## Scene s06e15_sc01 | Unknown

- Part I Written by: Greg Malins & Adam Chase [line_index=0]
- Part II Written by: David Crane & Marta Kauffman [line_index=1]
- Parts I & II Transcribed by: Eric Aasen [line_index=2]

## Scene s06e15_sc02 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, everyone is there as Rachel enters.

- Rachel: Hey, you guys! Guess what? Barry and Mindy are getting a divorce! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Oh my God! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Wow! [line_index=2]
- Joey: What is the matter with you?! [line_index=3; stage=To Ross]
- Phoebe: No! Barry and Mindy. [line_index=4]
- Joey: Oh sorry, I hear divorce I immediately go to Ross. Who-who’s Barry and Mindy? [line_index=5; stage=To Rachel]
- Rachel: Barry was the guy that I was almost married and Mindy was my best friend. [line_index=6]
- Joey: Ohh-oh, wasn’t he cheating on you with her? [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Yeah, but that just means that he was falling asleep on top of her instead of me. [line_index=8]
- Monica: Why did they get divorced? [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Well, apparently she caught him cheating on her with someone else. Isn’t that sad? God, could you imagine if I actually married him?! I mean how different would my life be? [line_index=10; stage=Giggles.]
- Ross: I know what you mean, I’ve always wondered how different my life would be if-if I’d never gotten divorced. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Which time? [line_index=12]
- Ross: The first time! No seriously, imagine if Carol hadn’t realized she was a lesbian. [line_index=13]
- Joey: I can’t. I keep seeing it the good way. [line_index=14; stage=starts to imagine it]
- Ross: I’d bet I’d still be doing my kara-tay. Towards the end of our marriage I was doing a lot of kara-tay as a way of releasing the tension from y’know, not doing anything else physical. [line_index=15; stage=That’s karate, he’s just saying it that way.]
- Chandler: Maybe the problem was you were pronouncing it kara-tay. [line_index=16]
- Monica: And what if I was still fat? Well, you wouldn’t be dating me, that’s for sure. [line_index=17; stage=To Chandler]
- Chandler: Sure I would! [line_index=18]
- All: Oh yeah! Come on! Yeah right! [line_index=19; stage=simultaneously]
- Chandler: What, you guys really think that I’m that shallow? [line_index=20]
- Ross: No, I just think Monica was that fat. [line_index=21]
- Joey: Hey, imagine if I never got fired off Days Of Our Lives ! Oh-hey, there’s Carol again! [line_index=22; stage=Closes his eyes to do so.]
- Chandler: What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I’d probably be writing for the New Yorker , getting paid to be funny. But my job’s fun too! I mean tomorrow, I-I don’t have to wear a tie. [line_index=23]
- Phoebe: What if I had taken that job at Merrill Lynch ? [line_index=24]
- Ross: What?! [line_index=25]
- Rachel: Merrill Lynch ? [line_index=26]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I had a massage client who worked there and-and he said I had a knack for stocks. [line_index=27]
- Rachel: Well why didn’t you take the job? [line_index=28]
- Phoebe: Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y’know that if I’d work with stocks, I’d have to live in a box, and only eat lox, and have a pet fox. [line_index=29]
- Ross: Hey, do you guys think that if all those things happened, we’d still hang out? [line_index=30]

## Scene s06e15_sc03 | A newsstand
Description: A newsstand, Ross is buying a magazine and gets in line behind a woman.

- Ross: Oh my God! Rachel Green? [line_index=0; stage=recognizing her]
- Rachel: Rob Tillman! [line_index=1; stage=gasps]
- Ross: No-no. It’s-it’s me, Ross! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh, I’m sorry. Ross Tillman. [line_index=3]
- Ross: No, no-no, Ross Geller. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Ohh, of course Monica’s brother! [line_index=5]
- Ross: Yeah. Right. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Wow! How are you?! [line_index=7]
- Ross: Good-good, I’m-I’m married. [line_index=8; stage=Shows her his ring.]
- Rachel: Ohh! Me too! [line_index=9]
- Ross: Is-isn’t it the best? [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Oh, it’s the best! So, umm how’s Monica? [line_index=11; stage=They both exhale contemplating the joys of marriage.]
- Ross: Oh really, really great! Yeah! A-actually she’s right down the street, umm, do-do you know what? You should stop bye and say hi. [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Ohh, I would love too. [line_index=13]
- Ross: Yeah? Oh-oh, she’d be so excited! [line_index=14]
- Rachel: Ohh! Okay! [line_index=15]
- Ross: Come on! [line_index=16; stage=They start to leave.]
- Rachel: Oh wait, don’t you have to pay for your, Busty Ladies? [line_index=17; stage=looks at his magazine]
- Ross: No, it’s okay. Some-some kid asked me to pick it up for him, but I don’t… [line_index=18]
- Rachel: Oh yeah? Okay. [line_index=19; stage=laughs]
- Ross: Okay. [line_index=20; stage=putting the magazine back and holding the money for it]
- Rachel: But! Don’t you have to give him his money back? [line_index=21]
- Ross: Uh-huh. Hey, here you go buddy. Sorry, no porn for you. Okay, let’s go see Monica! [line_index=22; stage=Steps to a random kid nearby and hands him his money. To Rachel]

## Scene s06e15_sc04 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Joey, Fat Monica, and her boyfriend are sitting on the couch. Monica’s boyfriend is getting up to get something. For future reference, for the rest of this episode Monica’s fat, I won’t be calling her Fat Monica throughout.

- Joey: So Monica, still going out with Dr. Boring huh? [line_index=0]
- Monica: He’s not boring! He’s just-he’s just low key. [line_index=1]
- Monica's Boyfriend: Here we go, one Hazelnut Latte. [line_index=2; stage=returning Hands it to Monica and sits down.]
- Monica: Thanks. [line_index=3]
- Monica's Boyfriend: Yeah. Y’know, the hazelnut actually not a nut, it’s a seed. [line_index=4]
- Joey: Wow!! [line_index=5; stage=not impressed]
- Monica's Boyfriend: Can anyone else name a well known seed that’s been masquerading as a nut? [line_index=6]
- Joey: Oh dear God, let me think. [line_index=7; emotions=sarcasm; stage=Starts to sarcastically think about it.]
- Chandler: Hey. [line_index=8; stage=entering, depressed]
- Joey: Hey. [line_index=9]
- Monica: Oh no! What’s the matter? [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not " Archie Comic funny." [line_index=11]
- Monica's Boyfriend: Y’know what honey? I got to get back to the hospital. [line_index=12]
- Monica: Okay. [line_index=13]
- Monica's Boyfriend: Okay. [line_index=14; stage=kisses her]
- Monica: Bye. [line_index=15]
- Monica's Boyfriend: Bye-bye. Oh uh, by the way, the answer is, the Brazil nut. [line_index=16; stage=Gets up to leave. Exits.]
- Chandler: Was his question what’s more boring than him? [line_index=17]
- Joey: Hey man, look sorry about that Archie thing. Do uh, do you need me to give you some money? [line_index=18]
- Chandler: Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride. [line_index=19]
- Joey: Really? [line_index=20]
- Chandler: Ehh. [line_index=21]
- Monica: Maybe Joey doesn’t have to give you the money, TV stars have assistants right? [line_index=22]
- Joey: That’s an idea! Hey, if I hired an assistant, would-would you take money from her? [line_index=23; stage=To Chandler]
- Monica: No Joey! Chandler could be your assistant! See, he could answer all of your fan mail and stuff! [line_index=24]
- Joey: That’s great! That would be great! Let’s do that! [line_index=25]
- Chandler: I could use the money; it could give me time to write. [line_index=26]
- Joey: Oh right great! Welcome aboard! [line_index=27]
- Chandler: Okay! [line_index=28]
- Joey: All right! Now hey, I need to use the bathroom. Since I don’t need any assistance in there, take a break! [line_index=29]
- Chandler: All right! [line_index=30]

## Scene s06e15_sc05 | Central Perk
Description: As Joey goes to the bathroom, Corporate Phoebe enters. She’s wearing a business suit and carrying a briefcase.

- Phoebe: Hey! [line_index=0; stage=entering]
- Monica: Hey Phoebe! Guess what? [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: What? [line_index=2]
- Monica: Joey just hired Chandler to be his assistant! [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Ohh that’s so sweet! Oh! Hang on! Hang onnnnnn!!! Go!! No! No-no! I said sell when it hits 50! 5-0, it’s a number! It comes after 4-9!! No, it’s okay. It’s okay, you’re allowed one mistake. Just kidding, you are of course fired. [line_index=4; stage=Her cell phone rings. Quickly grabs a cigarette and starts to light it as her phone rings. Gets the cigarette lighted and answers the phone. On phone.]

## Scene s06e15_sc06 | Central Perk
Description: She hangs up as Ross and Rachel enter.

- Ross: Hey Mon! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Mon, look who I ran into! [line_index=2; stage=Gestures towards Rachel.]
- Monica: Oh my God! Rachel!! You look terrific! [line_index=3; stage=gets up and gasps Rachel is stunned to see that her long lost friend is still fat. Monica goes over and gives Rachel a big bear hug, which is quite easy for her.]
- Rachel: Ohh, so do you! Did you lose weight? [line_index=4; stage=She’s not quite sure of that one.]
- Monica: You are so sweet to notice! Yes, I lost three and a half pounds! [line_index=5]
- Ross: And, and uh, you-you remember my friend Chandler. [line_index=6; stage=Points to him.]
- Chandler: Hey. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Oh yeah. [line_index=8]
- Ross: And that’s Phoebe over there! [line_index=9; stage=Points to her.]
- Phoebe: Hi! [line_index=10]
- Monica: Oh my God, sit down! Sit down! How long as it been since we’ve seen each other? [line_index=11]
- Ross: 1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon’s party. I played you one of my songs, y’know Interplanetary Courtship Ritual. [line_index=12; stage=answering it]
- Rachel: Oh yeah. Right. So now, are—do you, do you still do music? [line_index=13]
- Ross: Sometimes, you should come over sometime! I’ll play you one of my other… [line_index=14; stage=Joey returns from the bathroom]
- Rachel: Oh my God! Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives , just walked in here! [line_index=15; stage=interrupting him and seeing Joey]
- Monica: Rach, he’s a friend of ours. [line_index=16]
- Rachel: You are friends with Dr. Drake Remoray? [line_index=17; stage=stunned]
- Chandler: Well it’s kinda hard to be friends with Drake because of his busy schedule and the fact that he’s not real. [line_index=18]
- Ross: Hey-hey, or I could bring my keyboard over here sometime! [line_index=19; stage=To Rachel]
- Rachel: He’s coming over! He’s coming over! [line_index=20]
- Monica: Joey! [line_index=21; stage=getting up]
- Joey: I know, here-here!! [line_index=22; stage=holding a plate of what looks like Rice Crispies Treats Hands her the plate.]
- Monica: Ohhh! No! This is my friend Rachel, we went to High School together. [line_index=23; stage=Takes the plate.]
- Rachel: Hi! [line_index=24; stage=giggles and can’t look at him]
- Joey: Hi! [line_index=25; stage=shaking Rachel’s hand]
- Rachel: Hi! I love you on that show! I watch you everyday! I mean, when you took out your own kidney to save your ex-wife even though she tired to kill you… [line_index=26; stage=still not quite able to look at him]
- Joey: Well, it’s always nice to meet the fans. [line_index=27]
- Rachel: Ah! [line_index=28]
- Joey: She’s not crazy is she? [line_index=29; stage=turning and whispering to Monica]
- Monica: No. [line_index=30]
- Joey: So uh, how you doin’? [line_index=31; stage=To Rachel]

## Scene s06e15_sc07 | Monica and Phoebe's
Description: Monica and Phoebe's, Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe are there. Phoebe’s cell phone rings and she goes through her little routine of lighting a cigarette before answering the phone.

- Phoebe: Hang on! Hang on! Hang on! Go!! Who’s this? Oh okay, you’re gonna like working for me. What’s your name? What kind of name is Brendy? I… Whatever… Stop talking! All right, from now on your name is Joan. You can pick your own last name. [line_index=0; stage=Answering the phone. Listens Listens]
- Joey: Hey there you are! [line_index=1; stage=entering]
- Chandler: Uh-oh, it’s my boss! [line_index=2]
- Joey: All right, here’s a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right, I got to go to work I’m delivering twins today, but only one of them is mine! [line_index=3; stage=Exits.]
- Chandler: Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans. [line_index=4; stage=reading the list]
- Monica: You realize what you are don’t you? [line_index=5; stage=laughs]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=6]
- Monica: You’re his bitch. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: No-no!! No!! [line_index=8; emotions=anger; stage=yelling from Monica’s room]
- Monica: Oh wait! You didn’t just sit on my Kit-Kats did you?!! [line_index=9; stage=panicked]
- Phoebe: No! There-there was a little, a little diff in the market and I lost 13 million dollars. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: But the Kit-Kats are all right?! [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: What am I gonna do?! What am I gonna do?! I can’t call my office they’ll kill me! I can’t call my clients they’ll kill themselves! Great, now my chest hearts. [line_index=12]
- Monica: What?! [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: My chest hurts! Oh, and now I-I can’t breathe. [line_index=14; stage=louder]
- Chandler: Phoebe, are you having a heart attack?! [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Oh, if I were, would-would I have shooting pains up and down my left arm? [line_index=16]
- Monica: Yes!! [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: Then yes that is what I’m having. [line_index=18; stage=Takes another puff of the cigarette.]
- Monica: Oh my God! [line_index=19]

## Scene s06e15_sc08 | A hospital
Description: A hospital, Phoebe is recovering from her heart attack as Ross, Monica, and Chandler are there to comfort and support her.

- Ross: Come on Pheebs, it’s not that bad! Y’know most people would be excited if they didn’t have to work for a couple of weeks. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Most people don’t like their jobs, I love my job! I have not been working for three hours and I’m already going crazy. I miss Joan. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Honey, having a heart attack is nature’s way of telling you to slow it down. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: I always thought having a heart attack was nature’s way of telling you to die! But you’re not gonna die. I mean, you are going to die, but you’re not gonna die today. I wish I was dead. [line_index=3; stage=Phoebe glares at him.]
- Monica: Let’s take a walk. Y’know maybe you should consider writing for Talking Out of Your Ass magazine! [line_index=4; stage=They start to leave. They exit.]
- Phoebe: So what’s going on with you? [line_index=5; stage=To Ross]
- Ross: Well umm, I’ve been doing a lot more of my kara-tay. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Still going through that dry spell with Carol? [line_index=7]
- Ross: Yeah. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: How long has it been since you had sex? [line_index=9]
- Ross: Well, last weekend… [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Oh that’s not so bad. [line_index=11]
- Ross: …will be two months… [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: That is. [line_index=13]
- Ross: …since I stopped trying. [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: Maybe you need to spice things up a little. [line_index=15]
- Ross: What-what do you mean? [line_index=16]
- Phoebe: I don’t know. You could tie her up, she could tie you up; you could eat stuff off each other… [line_index=17]
- Ross: Oh. [line_index=18]
- Phoebe: Y’know, dirty talk, m�nage � trois, toys… [line_index=19]
- Ross: Wow! [line_index=20]
- Phoebe: Roll playing… You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could be the wench! [line_index=21]
- Ross: Okay, I think I got it. [line_index=22]
- Phoebe: Yeah! Or too, you could be two stockbrokers and you’re-you’re-you’re rolling around naked on the trading floor and everybody’s watching! It never happened. [line_index=23; stage=Ross looks at her.]

## Scene s06e15_sc09 | A hospital hallway
Description: A hospital hallway, Chandler is sitting on a gurney with his hands spread out behind his back. Then Monica comes and plops down on the gurney and one of his hands. Chandler immediately recoils in extreme pain.

- Monica: Sorry. So how’s it going with Joey? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Oh just great. He beeps me now with codes. One is, "Bring me food." Two is, "I’m with a girl, bring us food." Three is, "I’m lost and I can’t find food." [line_index=1]
- Joey: Hey! Is uh, is she gonna be all right? [line_index=2; stage=entering]
- Monica: Yeah! She’s right in there! [line_index=3; stage=Points to Phoebe’s room.]
- Joey: Oh great. Hey! Go take off those pants, they look ready! [line_index=4; stage=Starts to go in. To Chandler]

## Scene s06e15_sc10 | Silvercup Studios
Description: Silvercup Studios, Joey is showing Rachel around the set.

- Joey: All right, and over there is Brady’s Pub where I like to unwind after a long day of surgeoning. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Wow! This is so amazing! What else? What else? [line_index=1]
- Joey: Well, that is a large piece of television equipment. And uh that is an old man! Hey old man! [line_index=2; stage=Points at a large piece of television equipment as an old man walks by.]
- Rachel: Hey! [line_index=3]
- Joey: All righty, what do you say we head back to my place? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Wow! Umm, y’know, I-I would really love to, but I-I shouldn’t. [line_index=5; stage=laughs]
- Joey: Why? Why can’t the world stop turning, just for a moment? Just for us? [line_index=6; stage=In Drake’s voice.]
- Rachel: Isn’t that a line from the show?! [line_index=7; stage=awestruck, then not]
- Joey: Uh, yeah but uh, I may have said those things before but, I never truly meant them. Until now. [line_index=8; stage=In Drake’s voice]
- Rachel: That’s a line from the show too! [line_index=9]
- Joey: Okay, you watch too much TV. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Here you go Joe, here’s the freshly squeezed orange juice you asked for. [line_index=11; stage=approaching Hands it to him.]
- Joey: Thanks! Yeah, there’s pulp in that. [line_index=12; stage=Looks at it. Hands it back.]
- Chandler: Yeah? [line_index=13]
- Joey: I thought we talked about this. I don’t like pulp. No pulp. Pulp isn’t juice. All juice, okay? [line_index=14]
- Chandler: I’m sorry, I guess I just like the pulp. [line_index=15]
- Joey: Oh my God, I’m sorry, I’m being so rude. Rachel, would like a soda or something? Because Chandler would run right out and get it. [line_index=16; stage=Turns to Rachel.]
- Rachel: Yeah sure, iced tea would be great. [line_index=17]
- Joey: Iced tea. [line_index=18; stage=To Chandler]
- Chandler: Okay, anything for you sir? [line_index=19]
- Joey: Did I not just tell him? [line_index=20; stage=To Rachel]
- Rachel: Yes, you did. [line_index=21; stage=mouthing it to him]
- Joey: Okay look, Chandler, if this you have got to listen! You’re gonna throw that juice at me, aren’t ya? [line_index=22; stage=To Chandler Motions back and forth indicating the arrangement. Tugs on his ear. Chandler glares at him.]
- Chandler: It’s not all juice! [line_index=23; stage=Rachel quickly gets out of the way.]

## Scene s06e15_sc11 | Ross and Carol's
Description: Ross and Carol's, Ross is trying to talk to Carol about what Phoebe told him.

- Ross: So honey, this morning was fun, huh? Me hopping in on you in the shower there. [line_index=0]
- Carol: Yeah! And maybe someday we could get a place with two bathrooms. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Look Carol umm, I was, I was thinking maybe uh, maybe we can spice things up a little. [line_index=2]
- Carol: What do you mean? [line_index=3]
- Ross: Carol our sex life is—it’s just not working… [line_index=4]
- Ross: Hey there little fella! Hey, uh-hey, why don’t we get some shoes on ya, huh? Hey, why don’t you show dad how you can put your shoes on, in your room! Yay!! [line_index=5]
- Ben: Yay! [line_index=6; stage=Runs off.]
- Ross: Yay! Seriously, our sex life… I was thinking, maybe I don’t know, we could try some-some new things. Y’know? For fun? [line_index=7; stage=To Carol]
- Carol: Like what? [line_index=8]
- Ross: Well I don’t know umm, what if we were too tie each other up? Umm, some people eat stuff off one another. Nah! Umm, y’know we-we could try dirty talk? Umm, we could, we could have a threesome. [line_index=9; stage=Pause Carol’s shocked and obviously doesn’t like that idea. Carol doesn’t like that idea either. Carol still says no.]
- Carol: I love that idea! [line_index=10; stage=quickly]

## Scene s06e15_sc12 | Monica and Phoebe's
Description: Monica and Phoebe's, Monica is eating breakfast as Chandler enters.

- Chandler: Who sold a story to Archie Comics?! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Oh my God! That’s great! Oh wow! You’re a published writer! I wish I had a present for you! [line_index=1; stage=Hugs him.]
- Chandler: Aww. [line_index=2]
- Monica: Wait a minute! My last Kit-Kat bar! [line_index=3; stage=Quickly checks her pockets and pulls out…]

## Scene s06e15_sc13 | Monica and Phoebe's
Description: Chandler tries to take it, but Monica won’t let go. He tugs harder, and she still doesn’t budge.

- Chandler: You wanna share it? [line_index=0]
- Monica: Okay!! [line_index=1]
- Joey: Hey! Hey Chandler look, I know you’re mad, but I just want to say I’m sorry. I-I was a total jerk. Completely o-over the line. Uh, I just I hate pulp! Y’know? I mean, y’know how Monica feels about low fat mayonnaise? [line_index=2; stage=entering]
- Monica: It’s not mayonnaise!! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Yeah, o-o-o-o-okay anyway, I just wanted to say I’m sorry. Here. [line_index=4]

## Scene s06e15_sc14 | Hands him a cup
Description: Hands him a cup.

- Chandler: What’s this? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Fresh squeezed orange juice, with pulp! Just the way you like it. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Aww, thanks man. [line_index=2; stage=They hug.]
- Monica: Hey Joey, Chandler sold a story to Archie Comics! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Oh my God! That’s great! Congratulations! What’s the story?! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Oh you wouldn’t uh, care. It’s just a stupid comic book story. [line_index=5]
- Joey: Are you kidding me?! I love Archie! And the whole gang! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn’t want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist—as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that can’t have lumps in them. [line_index=7; stage=Joey laughs]
- Joey: Wait a minute. That sounds a little familiar! Did they already do that one? ‘Cause I think I read it! [line_index=8]

## Scene s06e15_sc15 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Monica is there as Rachel enters.

- Rachel: Oh Mon, listen I have to ask! Okay, Joey Tribbiani invited me back to his apartment, now does he do this with a lot of girls? [line_index=0]
- Monica: Yeah, a lot. A lot, a lot! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Ohh! And I’m one of them!! Wow! Oh, I just cannot believe this! I mean, Joey Tribbiani! [line_index=2]
- Monica: Well, y’know it’s none of my business, but aren’t you married? [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Yeah. Oh I just wish we could not be married for a little bit! Y’know I just wish we could be like on a break! [line_index=4]
- Monica: Well, you’re not. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Oh, it’s so easy for you I mean, you’re not married, you get to have sex with who ever you want! [line_index=6]
- Monica: Yeah I can! And don’t think I don’t, because I do! I mean all the time, you betcha! [line_index=7; stage=Laughs Laughs.]
- Rachel: Monica. You’ve, you’ve done it right? [line_index=8]
- Monica: Of course I have! What do you think, I’m some 30 year old virgin? [line_index=9; stage=giggles]
- Rachel: Oh my God! You’re a 30 year old virgin! [line_index=10]
- Monica: Say it louder, I don’t think the guy all the way in the back heard you! [line_index=11]
- Monica: It’s not like, I haven’t any opportunities. I mean, y’know, I’m just waiting for the perfect guy. I’m seeing this guy Roger, all right? He’s not perfect, but umm, I think maybe I should just get it over with. Y’know, give him my flower. [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Oh my God!! Do it!! Honey, you’ve waited long enough!! [line_index=13]
- Monica: Y’know what? You are right?! [line_index=14]
- Rachel: Yes!! I mean sex does not have to be a big deal! There shouldn’t be all this rules and restrictions! Y’know, people should be able to sleep with who ever they want, whenever… [line_index=15]
- Monica: Rachel! I’m never gonna think it’s okay for you to cheat on your husband! [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Oh what do you know? Virgin! [line_index=17]

## Scene s06e15_sc16 | The hospital
Description: The hospital, Ross and Monica are in Phoebe’s room. Phoebe is in the bathroom and Monica notices smoke coming out from underneath the door.

- Monica: Phoebe, why is smoke coming out of the bathroom?! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh yeah, the doctor said that could be one of the side effects. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Phoebe! Put that cigarette out! [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: No! It’s not a cigarette! The smoke is coming out of me! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Put it out!! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Okay! Okay! I’m so glad you’re here. [line_index=5; stage=Puts it out and comes out of the bathroom.]
- Ross: Come on. I got it. [line_index=6; stage=Helps her into bed as her phone rings.]
- Phoebe: Oh, give it to me. [line_index=7]
- Ross: I got it! [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Give it! [line_index=9]

## Scene s06e15_sc17 | The hospital
Description: He does a kara-tay move to silence her, then answers the phone.

- Ross: Hello? No she can’t come to the phone right now. Oh, right no problem. Okay, bye-bye. [line_index=0; stage=on the phone Listens. Listens. Hangs up.]
- Phoebe: Was it my work? Were they mad? Was it Jack? Did he yell?! [line_index=1]
- Ross: J-j-just relax, nobody yelled. Jack just was calling to make sure that you were getting better. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Thank God. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Yeah, she’s fired. [line_index=4; stage=To Monica]

## Scene s06e15_sc18 | Rachel and Barry’s bedroom
Description: Rachel and Barry’s bedroom, Rachel is watching Days of Our Lives . Of course it’s a Dr. Drake Remoray scene. It’s set in a hospital room, and Dr. Wesley and a nurse are talking about a female patient with a bandage around her head.

- Nurse: You’ve done all you can Dr. Wesley. You have got to let her go. [line_index=0]
- Dr. Wesley: Good-bye and God speed, Hope Brady. [line_index=1]

## Scene s06e15_sc19 | Rachel and Barry’s bedroom
Description: He goes to turn off a machine. Suddenly, Dr. Drake Remoray appears at the door with two cops!

- Dr. Drake Remoray: Not so fast Wesley! [line_index=0; stage=Rachel does a silent clap.]
- Dr. Wesley: Remoray! [line_index=1; stage=with evil dripping off his tongue]
- Dr. Drake Remoray: That’s right Wesley! I just stopped by to say that, you’re not a real doctor! And that woman’s brain, is fine! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh! Thank God! [line_index=3; stage=very relived]
- Dr. Drake Remoray: Hope! Hope! [line_index=4]
- Hope: Drake! [line_index=5; stage=sleepily]
- Dr. Drake Remoray: You’re not dying Hope, you’re gonna live a long, healthy life. With me. [line_index=6]
- Hope: Oh Drake. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Okay! Here we go! Okay! Hi, Joey! It’s Rachel! Umm, I am free tomorrow night. Yeah, sure, sure I can bring some sandwiches. [line_index=8; stage=She picks up the phone, Joey’s phone number, and starts to dial. On phone.]

## Scene s06e15_sc20 | Ross and Carol's
Description: Ross and Carol's, Carol is working on something at the table and Ross is reading a newspaper on the couch.

- Ross: So honey this uh, this threesome thing umm, I mean how-how are you gonna start to find… [line_index=0]
- Carol: Ooh, actually I’ve been making a list of all the women I know who might be into doing this! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Oh. Wow! Huh. Boy! Well, someone’s been doing their homework. [line_index=2; stage=He takes the notepad she was using and looks at it. Flips to another page. Flips another page. Flips another page. Flips two more pages.]
- Carol: Yeah. Ooh, and I know Gail Rosten is in there twice, but she is so… [line_index=3]
- Ross: Oh, I know. Y’know, just-just talking about it is getting me kinda… [line_index=4; stage=Laughs]
- Carol: Oh, me too. [line_index=5]
- Ross: Yeah? Well, I-I think Ben’s asleep. [line_index=6]
- Carol: Oh umm, y’know I think it would be better if we just save it. [line_index=7]
- Ross: Yeah. Right. Save it. I can do that. [line_index=8; stage=Gets up and does a little kara-tay.]

## Scene s06e15_sc21 | The hospital
Description: The hospital, Chandler and Monica are there with Phoebe as Ross enters.

- Ross: Hey, Pheebs! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Hey. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hey, how’s it going? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Well, I’ve got to get out of this bed, I’m going crazy here. Crazy! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Here you go sweetie. [line_index=4; stage=handing her a cup]
- Phoebe: What the hell is this, herbal tea? I hate herbal tea! [line_index=5]
- Monica: But, I put some honey in it. [line_index=6]

## Scene s06e15_sc22 | The hospital
Description: Phoebe mocks what Monica just said. Ross pulls Chandler aside.

- Ross: She doesn’t know she was fired yet, does she? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: No, the doctors say it may kill her. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: What are you two girls whispering about over there?! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: But I think we should tell her. [line_index=3; stage=To Ross]
- Ross: Hey Pheebs, maybe this whole heart attack thing is a sign, that-that you should start think about getting a different job. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Okay, what is this? A stupid contest? Because we got a winner here! [line_index=5]

## Scene s06e15_sc23 | Points at Ross
Description: Points at Ross.

- Chandler: Listen Phoebe, he’s right. People are not supposed to have heart attacks at 31. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: I know! But if I didn’t work there, what else would I do? [line_index=1]
- Monica: Well, you used to like playing the guitar. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Yeah that was lucrative! Smart like your brother! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Uh, what about y’know the massage thing? That never gave you a heart attack. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Hmm, pulling in a salary in the high six figures or rubbing gross naked people for chump change—ooh, what do I do?! What will I do?! [line_index=5]

## Scene s06e15_sc24 | Joey's apartment
Description: Joey's apartment, (The one he had when he was Dr. Drake Remoray, because he still is.) Rachel is there and admiring the big ceramic fake dog.

- Rachel: Ohh, I mean it’s just so realistic! [line_index=0]
- Joey: I know. Yeah, his name is Pat. [line_index=1; stage=Joey is sitting in this tall chair that is made up of balls on polls. You’ll have to see it to know what I mean.]
- Rachel: Pat the dog. Oh! Oh! I get it!! [line_index=2; stage=Laughs and finishes her drink.]
- Joey: Do you uh, do you—ready for a refill? [line_index=3; stage=climbing down from his chair]
- Rachel: Oh, I probably shouldn’t—so I will! Oh! Wow! It’s like it’s raining! [line_index=4; stage=Joey starts making her refill and Rachel notices that rain thing Joey has.]
- Joey: Pretty cool, huh? But if you’re thinking you can put a fish in there and it wouldn’t get sucked up into the mechanism, well you’d be wrong. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Umm, can I use your bathroom? [line_index=6]
- Joey: It’s uh, right through there. [line_index=7; stage=Points.]
- Rachel: Okay. God y’know, if someone told me a week ago that I would be peeing in Joey Tribbiani’s apartment… [line_index=8; stage=Starts to go.]
- Joey: Yeah, life’s pretty great isn’t it? [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Yeah, it sure is! [line_index=10]

## Scene s06e15_sc25 | Monica and Phoebe's
Description: Monica and Phoebe's, Monica is pouring wine for her boyfriend, Dr. Roger.

- Monica: I hope you’re hungry, we’re starting with oysters. And y’know what they say about oysters, don’t you? [line_index=0]
- Dr. Roger: They have parasites? [line_index=1]
- Monica: No! Umm well, some people say that Oysters are an aphrodisiac. [line_index=2]
- Dr. Roger: What people? [line_index=3]
- Monica: People! People say it! Come here! [line_index=4; stage=She grabs him and kisses him.]
- Dr. Roger: So oysters, huh? [line_index=5]
- Monica: And then we’re gonna have a little Middle Eastern cous-cous. Something we can eat, with our hands. [line_index=6]
- Dr. Roger: Y’know, it’s funny, but when we were studying communicable diseases… [line_index=7]
- Monica: No-no-no, no! It’s sensual! [line_index=8]
- Dr. Roger: Ohh! Didn’t know! Okay! [line_index=9]
- Monica: Okay! Ohhh no! [line_index=10; stage=They kiss again and his beeper goes off.]
- Dr. Roger: I’m sorry sweetie, it’s the hospital. The food looks great, maybe save me some? [line_index=11]
- Monica: I can’t promise anything. [line_index=12; stage=She starts to dig in.]

## Scene s06e15_sc26 | Ross and Carol's
Description: Ross and Carol's, Ross and Carol are waiting anxiously for their new partner to arrive.

- Ross: We’re really gonna do this, huh? [line_index=0]
- Carol: Looks like it. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Y’know, if, if this is too weird for you, we can still back out at… [line_index=2; stage=A knock on the door interrupts him.]
- Carol: I got it! [line_index=3; stage=jumping up to get it]
- Ross: Okay. [line_index=4]
- Carol: Susan! Hi! [line_index=5; stage=opening the door Who’d you think it was gonna be?]
- Susan: Hey! [line_index=6; stage=They hug.]
- Carol: Thank you so much for coming. [line_index=7]
- Susan: Oh, I wouldn’t miss it for the world. [line_index=8]

## Scene s06e15_sc27 | Ross and Carol's
Description: They start moving towards the bedroom, never taking their eyes off each other. They move past Ross and stop.

- Ross: I’m-I’m Ross by the way. [line_index=0]
- Susan: Hello Ross. I love what you’ve done with this space. [line_index=1; stage=not taking her eyes off Carol Takes off her coat and hands it to him.]
- Carol: Thank you so much. [line_index=2]

## Scene s06e15_sc28 | Ross and Carol's
Description: They disappear into the bedroom leaving Ross standing in the living room holding Susan’s coat.

- Ross: How hot is this?! [line_index=0]

## Scene s06e15_sc29 | Monica and Phoebe's
Description: Monica and Phoebe's, Chandler and Monica are eating Monica’s dinner.

- Chandler: I’m sorry you’re here with me instead of Roger. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Yeah, me too. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Well, I could make it seem like he’s here. "Here’s some little known facts about cous-cous. They didn’t add the second cous until 1979." [line_index=2; stage=Imitates him. Mumbles something further.]
- Monica: Stop it!! That’s not funny!! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Okay. [line_index=4]
- Monica: I’m sorry, okay? It just—tonight was supposed to be y’know, it was supposed to be a big deal. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: What was tonight? [line_index=6]
- Monica: You don’t want to know what tonight was. [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Okay. What was tonight? [line_index=8; stage=Pause.]
- Monica: Well, tonight was—was going to be my first time. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: With Roger? Not just with Roger?! Oh my God! [line_index=10; stage=Monica shyly looks away. Monica shrugs.]
- Monica: All right relax Mr. I’ve Had Sex Four Times! [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Four different women! I’ve had sex way more times! [line_index=12]
- Monica: How many? [line_index=13]
- Chandler: Nine. [line_index=14]
- Monica: I was just waiting for the perfect guy. [line_index=15]
- Chandler: Well good, good for you. You really think that Roger is the perfect guy? [line_index=16]
- Monica: No. He’s not a horrible guy. [line_index=17]
- Chandler: Hey that’s what I tell girls about me. [line_index=18]
- Monica: Chandler, I’m gonna die a virgin! [line_index=19]
- Chandler: No you are not! You are sweet and wonderful and this is gonna happen for you. [line_index=20]
- Monica: Oh really? When? Do you wanna do it with me? [line_index=21]
- Chandler: Okay. [line_index=22; stage=They both realize what he just said.]
- Monica: I was kidding. [line_index=23]
- Chandler: So was I. [line_index=24]

## Scene s06e15_sc30 | Joey's apartment
Description: Joey's apartment, Rachel is now three sheets to the wind and Joey is watching her.

- Rachel: Joey, you’re such an amazing actor! How do you know where Dr. Drake Remoray leaves off and Joey Tribbiani begins? [line_index=0; stage=He smiles.]
- Joey: Well, with Dr. Drake they always tell me what to say. And with Joey, I pretty much have to make it up on my own. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Wow! Tell me something Joey——Whoa! I just fell right off the couch there. [line_index=2; stage=She falls off the couch]
- Joey: Yeah you did. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Okay. [line_index=4; stage=She climbs back onto the couch.]
- Joey: Here you go. Let me ask you a question. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Yeah? [line_index=6]
- Joey: When was the last time someone told you just how beautiful you are? [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Wow! I can’t, I can’t feel my hands. [line_index=8]
- Joey: Come, come here. [line_index=9]

## Scene s06e15_sc31 | Joey's apartment
Description: He takes her hands in his and kisses each one, then kisses her on the lips. When the break the kiss, Rachel starts to get nauseous and throw up. Joey backs away in horror.


## Scene s06e15_sc32 | Monica and Phoebe's
Description: Monica and Phoebe's, continued from earlier. Monica and Chandler are still discussing the previous question.

- Chandler: We can’t do this. [line_index=0]
- Monica: No! Oyster? [line_index=1; stage=They both laugh.]
- Chandler: Yeah! If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, y’know? Because you’ve been waiting a very long time and I wouldn’t want to disappoint you. [line_index=2; stage=Takes it.]
- Monica: Yeah but see I have nothing to compare it too. So even if you’re horrible, how would I know? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: I do like that. [line_index=4]
- Monica: It’s harder for me! I have those four other women to compete with! [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Well, if it helps there were only three. So it would just be for tonight, right? [line_index=6]
- Monica: Absolutely! It would just be one friend helping out another friend. [line_index=7; stage=Points at Chandler Points at herself.]
- Chandler: Stop it! We’re doing this! Let’s do it! [line_index=8]
- Monica: Noo!! Okay!! [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Okay! [line_index=10; stage=They both get up.]
- Monica: Umm, do you have any uhh, moves? [line_index=11]
- Chandler: I have some moves. [line_index=12]
- Monica: I have no moves. Okay, whatcha doin’ there?! Oh y’know what? I’m sorry, this is just too weird. [line_index=13; stage=He moves in to kiss her and she laughs and backs away. Giggles.]
- Chandler: Yeah, let’s just forget it. [line_index=14]
- Monica: What if I turn out the lights? [line_index=15; stage=Runs to shut them off.]
- Chandler: Okay! [line_index=16]

## Scene s06e15_sc33 | Monica and Phoebe's
Description: She turns out the lights and in the darkened room Chandler starts to moan.

- Chandler: Oh yeah. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Chandler? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Yeah? [line_index=2; stage=sexily]
- Monica: That’s the couch. [line_index=3]

## Scene s06e15_sc34 | Monica’s bedroom
Description: Monica’s bedroom, she has just lost her flower to Chandler.

- Chandler: Oh my God! [line_index=0]
- Monica: I know! I’ll tell you something, we are gonna do that again! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Oh, okay! [line_index=2; stage=He rolls over to do that again.]

## Scene s06e15_sc35 | Joey's apartment
Description: Joey's apartment, the next morning, Rachel is passed out on the couch.

- Joey: Morning! [line_index=0; stage=entering]
- Rachel: Oh right. [line_index=1; stage=wakes up suddenly and realizes where she is]
- Joey: Yeah. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh God. Oh I can’t believe Joey Tribbiani heard me throw up! [line_index=3; stage=groans]
- Joey: Well he actually saw you a little bit too. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Noo! Oh God we did—we didn’t, we didn’t uhh… [line_index=5]
- Joey: No! No! No, not after seeing that. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: God I’m just a horrible person. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Wh-why? [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Because I’m married. That’s right, I am a married woman! And I came to a TV star’s apartment to have an affair! Uck! [line_index=9]
- Joey: That’s ridiculous! I’m not a "Star," just a regular famous actor. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Yeah and I’m a horrible, horrible person. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Rachel, would you stop saying that?! Hey-hey look, remember on the show when-when Caprice was dying and she gave me… [line_index=12]
- Rachel: The ring from the cave, yeah. [line_index=13]
- Joey: Wow! Uh okay, well uh… [line_index=14; stage=He gets up, opens a drawer, and pulls out the ring.]
- Rachel: Oh my God, they let you keep that stuff?! [line_index=15; stage=seeing the ring and gasping]
- Joey: Sure! As long as they don’t find out you can keep whatever you want! And I want you to have it. [line_index=16]
- Rachel: No! No-no-no… [line_index=17]
- Joey: Yes! Yes!! And every time you look at it, I want you to remember that you are a good person. Okay, you’ve had the chance to cheat, and with me, but you didn’t. And that’s what this ring stands for. [line_index=18]
- Rachel: But I thought that ring stood for Caprice’s undying love for her brother. [line_index=19]
- Joey: Look, do you want the ring or not?! [line_index=20]
- Rachel: Yeah! [line_index=21]

## Scene s06e15_sc36 | Phoebe’s hospital room
Description: Phoebe’s hospital room, Joey and Ross enter as Phoebe comes out of the bathroom wearing her robe.

- Ross: Hey! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Look at you! You’re up! [line_index=2]
- Joey: All right! [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: I thought I’d try to take a walk. Would you pour me some water? I’ll be back soon. [line_index=4]
- Joey: Whoa-whoa-whoa! You’re not gonna use the pay phone to call work, are ya? [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: No. I’ve learned my lesson. [line_index=6]

## Scene s06e15_sc37 | Phoebe’s hospital room
Description: She goes out into the hall and when she’s there and the door is closed; she rips off her robe to reveal her work clothes.

- Phoebe: Let’s go! Come on! Move it! Come on! Shoes! Briefcase! Thanks Lou, good luck with the gall bladder. [line_index=0; stage=Grabs her coat. To an old man who’s holding her shoes and briefcase. Takes them both. She leaves.]
- Ross: Hey Joe did… Did you ever have a threesome? [line_index=1]
- Joey: Well uh, look Ross I uh, I think Carol’s great and I’m sure you’re a very attractive man, but I…. [line_index=2; stage=not quite sure of how to answer that]
- Ross: No! The reason I’m asking is that… I sorta had one last night. [line_index=3]
- Joey: You? [line_index=4]
- Ross: Yeah! [line_index=5]
- Joey: Wow! [line_index=6]
- Ross: Yeah! [line_index=7]
- Joey: All right! So, was it amazing? [line_index=8]
- Ross: It was, it was okay. [line_index=9]
- Joey: Just okay—Did you do it right?! [line_index=10]
- Ross: Look, it’s just did, did you ever go to a party and think, "Would really anyone miss me if I weren’t here?" [line_index=11]
- Joey: Huh. But still Ross, you’re worst day with two women, pretty much better than any other day! Y’know what I mean? [line_index=12]
- Ross: Oh-oh, absolutely! [line_index=13]

## Scene s06e15_sc38 | They both laugh
Description: They both laugh.

- Ross: It’s just, my part seemed to be over pretty quickly and then, and then there was a lot of waiting around. [line_index=0]
- Joey: But you got to be with both of them, right? [line_index=1]
- Ross: Not-not really. Th-th-there was just Carol. [line_index=2]
- Joey: Not the other one? [line_index=3]
- Ross: No, she kept kicking me away! [line_index=4]
- Joey: Yeah, you don’t want that. [line_index=5]
- Ross: No! [line_index=6]
- Joey: Well hey, at least you got to see a lot of stuff, right? [line_index=7]
- Ross: Oh I a lot of stuff! [line_index=8]
- Joey: You got a little bored? [line_index=9]
- Ross: A little. Yeah. I made a snack. [line_index=10]
- Joey: Yeah? What did ya have? [line_index=11]
- Ross: Just a sandwich. Turkey, a little mustard… [line_index=12]
- Joey: Sounds good. [line_index=13]
- Ross: It really was! [line_index=14]

## Scene s06e15_sc39 | Monica and Phoebe's
Description: Monica and Phoebe's, Monica is making a sandwich as Chandler enters.

- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Let me tell you about this chick I scored with last night! Oh no wait a minute that was you! [line_index=2]
- Monica: Hey, check me out, I’m a slut! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: So you uh, want to do something tonight? [line_index=4]
- Monica: Oh I can’t. Dr. Roger is coming over again. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Oh. Oh right! Right! Because you’re still seeing him and uh, he’s a good guy. I mean, I remember a time when… [line_index=6; stage=He fakes falling asleep.]
- Monica: Are you okay? [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Yeah! Totally! Totally, and you? [line_index=8]
- Monica: Great! It’s so amazing! I mean, last time Dr. Roger came over, I was so nervous, but then after being with you I’m all like, "Can the doctor see me now?" [line_index=9]
- Chandler: I bet he can. [line_index=10]
- Monica: Y’know, I don’t have an appointment, but I sure could use a physical. Are you sure you’re okay? [line_index=11; stage=He laughs halfheartedly]
- Chandler: Oh yeah! Yeah! Don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine! [line_index=12; stage=Does a kara-tay move.]

## Scene s06e15_sc40 | Rachel and Barry’s bedroom
Description: Rachel and Barry’s bedroom, Rachel is returning from her disastrous attempt at an affair to find that Barry was much, much more successful with his.

- Rachel: Ohh! My God! Barry!! [line_index=0]
- Barry: You-you-you said you were gonna be away all weekend! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh that’s right! I’m sorry! I-I am early! Finish! Please!! [line_index=2]

## Scene s06e15_sc41 | Phoebe’s office
Description: Phoebe’s office, she is arriving without the knowledge that she’s been fired.

- Phoebe: Surprise! Look who’s back! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Uh, I don’t think so! [line_index=2]
- Jack: Phoebe? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Jack!! Hey! [line_index=4]
- Jack: What are you doing here? [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: All better! Back to work! Except this clown from research told me I was fired. He should do his research, huh? [line_index=6]
- Jack: Well, you were fired. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Nu-uh! [line_index=8]
- Jack: I told that guy who answered your phone. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Oh, okay I didn’t get that message. So this doesn’t count—Anyway, I’ll be in my office. [line_index=10]
- Jack: Uh, Phoebe you-you don’t have an office. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: That’s all right, I’ll work here. This is goo, next to this plant. [line_index=12; stage=She picks a place in the lobby next to a plant.]
- Jack: Phoebe, listen… [line_index=13; stage=approaches her]
- Phoebe: You’re in my office! Look, I have made a lot of cash for this company! Okay? I am talking big bucks! Pesos! Yen! Rubles! You make one little mistake… [line_index=14]
- Jack: You lost 13 million dollars. [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Oh, so this is all about money! Y’know it’s bad enough that—Ow! Oh, you have got to be kidding! [line_index=16]
- Jack: Are you all right? [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: I’m having another heart attack! [line_index=18]
- Jack: What?! [line_index=19]
- Phoebe: I’m having another heart attack!! Call 9-1-1!! [line_index=20]
- Jack: Take it easy. [line_index=21; stage=Sits her down.]
- Phoebe: Dumbass! [line_index=22; stage=to Arthur, he’s the guy calling 9-1-1]
- Woman: Hey Pheebs! How’s it going?! [line_index=23]
- Phoebe: Well, they fired me and I’m having heart attack. [line_index=24]
- Woman: Wow! Well, welcome back! [line_index=25]
- Phoebe: Yeah. [line_index=26]

## Scene s06e15_sc42 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Ross is there as Rachel storms in.

- Rachel: Hi Ross! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Hey Rachel. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Is Joey Tribbiani here? [line_index=2]
- Ross: Umm, no. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Well, if you see him, will you please tell him that I’m looking for him and that this I am not gonna throw up! [line_index=4]
- Ross: That-that’s always good news. Are you okay? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Me? I’m great! I’m fine! I’m sooo good!! But, you know who’s not great?! Men! You’re a man right Ross?! [line_index=6]
- Ross: Yeah. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Sit down! [line_index=8]
- Ross: Okay. [line_index=9; stage=He does so.]
- Rachel: Let me uh, let me ask you something, do wedding vows mean squat to you people?! And why is it that the second we tell you we’re going out of town, bamn there you are in bed with the neighbor’s dog walker?! [line_index=10]
- Ross: We’re sorry. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: No seriously! Seriously! What has happened to the sanctity of marriage? [line_index=12]
- Ross: Didn’t you spend last night at Joey’s? [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Aw what are you?! A detective? [line_index=14]
- Ross: Look I-I don’t know what’s going on with you and your husband and what is hopefully an adult dog walker, look can I just say not all men are like that. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Oh. [line_index=16; stage=Doesn’t believe it.]
- Ross: Hey! There are some men who will do whatever it takes to make their marriage work! Okay? There are some men who will stand by and-and watch as their wives engage in-in what only can be described as a two some with some-some woman she barely knows from the gym! [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Who are these men? [line_index=18]
- Ross: Men. I guy I know. [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Well, you might want to tell him it sounds like his wife is gay. [line_index=20; stage=whispers]
- Ross: She is not… She’s gay. Oh my God. She is so gay! I can’t believe this. [line_index=21; stage=Realizes]
- Rachel: Good day for married people huh? [line_index=22]
- Ross: I’m sorry your husband cheated on you. [line_index=23]
- Rachel: I’m sorry your wife is gay. I guess women aren’t that great either. [line_index=24]
- Ross: Try telling my wife that. [line_index=25]

## Scene s06e15_sc43 | Monica and Phoebe's
Description: Monica and Phoebe's, Monica is blowing out a candle as Chandler enters.

- Chandler: Okay to come in? [line_index=0; stage=sticking his head in the door]
- Monica: Yeah, come on, eat, whatever you want. Dr. Roger got beeped again. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Yeah I know, guess who beeped him? [line_index=2]
- Monica: What?! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: I’m the ruptured spleen. [line_index=4; stage=Laughs.]
- Monica: Why would you do that? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Because you shouldn’t be with him. You should be with me. [line_index=6; stage=Pause.]
- Monica: Really? [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don’t just happen. Y’know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y’know I was just lying there and I couldn’t wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y’know with a friend. [line_index=8]
- Monica: Chandler! [line_index=9]
- Chandler: I know you probably don’t want to go out with me, y’know because I make too many jokes and I’ve never been in a serious relationship and I guess I’m not technically a "doctor…" [line_index=10]

## Scene s06e15_sc44 | Monica and Phoebe's
Description: Monica runs over and kisses him.

- Monica: There was just one woman, wasn’t there? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: No, there were two. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Including me? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Oh yeah. [line_index=3]

## Scene s06e15_sc45 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe is singing a new song as the gang looks on.

- Phoebe: (singing) [line_index=0; stage=singing]
