---
episode_id: s06e25
title: The One With The Proposal
season: 6
episode: 25
---

# S06E25 The One With The Proposal

## Scene s06e25_sc01 | Unknown

- Part I Written by: Shana Goldberg-Meehan & Scott Silveri [line_index=0]
- Part II Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen [line_index=1]
- Parts I and II Transcribed by: Eric Aasen [line_index=2]

## Scene s06e25_sc02 | Monica
Description: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is showing Ross, Rachel, Joey, and Phoebe his engagement ring again.

- Ross: God that is the most beautiful engagement ring ever! [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Yeah? Well, you should know. You’ve bought like a billion of ‘em. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Yeah, you didn’t get one. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Okay, well tonight’s the big night. [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Yeah! [line_index=4]
- Joey: Okay listen, how are you gonna ask her? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I’m going to get her a bottle of the champagne that she really loves; therefore knows how expensive it is. Then when the glasses are full, instead of proposing a toast I’m just gonna propose. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Ohh… [line_index=7]
- Joey: That sounds perfect! [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Yeah. [line_index=9]
- Joey: You’re gonna mess it up let me do it. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: I’m not gonna mess it up. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: If she says no, can I have the ring? [line_index=12]
- Chandler: She’s not gonna say no. [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: If ! [line_index=14]
- Monica: Hey! [line_index=15; stage=entering]
- Ross: Hey! [line_index=16]

## Scene s06e25_sc03 | Monica
Description: Monica’s entrance makes Phoebe try to hide the ring by putting it in her mouth.

- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Hi Monica. [line_index=1; stage=with her mouthful]

## Scene s06e25_sc04 | Monica
Description: Monica goes into her room.

- Chandler: Give me it! [line_index=0; stage=To Phoebe]
- Phoebe: It’s gone. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Phoebe! [line_index=2]

## Scene s06e25_sc05 | Monica
Description: She takes it out of her mouth and hands it to him as Monica returns from her room and this time forcing Chandler to put the ring in his mouth.

- Joey: Hey! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Hi Monica. [line_index=1; stage=with his mouthful]

## Scene s06e25_sc06 | Monica
Description: She goes into the bathroom.

- Phoebe: We’re practically kissing. [line_index=0; stage=To Chandler Makes a kissy face and winks at him.]

## Scene s06e25_sc07 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Monica, Chandler, Phoebe, and Joey are there as Rachel enters.

- Rachel: Hey! [line_index=0; stage=entering]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Joey: Hey Rach! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Are any of you guys free tonight? My boss is hosting this charity event for underprivileged kids and the more people I bring, the better I look. So, Monica? Chandler? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Well, Monica and Chandler can’t go. We’re going to dinner remember?! [line_index=4; stage=glaring at her]
- Rachel: Oh my God, I’m so sorry. [line_index=5]
- Monica: What’s the big deal? [line_index=6]
- Chandler: I just get mad when Rachel doesn’t remember where we’re going. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Where are you going? [line_index=8]

## Scene s06e25_sc08 | Chandler stares at him
Description: Chandler stares at him.

- Rachel: How about you guys? [line_index=0; stage=Points to Phoebe and Joey.]
- Phoebe: Open bar? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I think so. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: I can do that for the kids. [line_index=3]
- Joey: Hey, y’know what? I’ll come too. I’m making money now; it’s about time I give something back. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Well, you could also give back the money you owe me. [line_index=5]
- Joey: Okay. Have a benefit. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Hey! [line_index=7; stage=entering]
- Rachel: Hey! Ross, listen can you come to a charity event tonight? [line_index=8]
- Ross: Oh no, I have plans with Elizabeth. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Oh, so you’re already doing your part for the kids. [line_index=10]
- Ross: I’m sorry, it’s just one of my last nights together before she leaves for camp—to be a counselor! [line_index=11]
- Monica: Ross let me ask you a question. All jokes aside, where is this relationship going? [line_index=12]
- Chandler: Wait a minute, all jokes aside? I didn’t agree to that! [line_index=13]
- Monica: Do you really see this as a long-term thing? [line_index=14]
- Ross: I don’t know. [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Y’know, you are 12 years older than her. [line_index=16]
- Ross: Wait a minute, does-does everyone feel this way? [line_index=17]
- All: Yeah! Yeah, sort of. I’m sorry. [line_index=18]
- Ross: Uh-uh—Wow! Uh, I thought you guys were just like making jokes, I had no idea. What you know what? You guys are wrong. Uh yes, there is a chronological age difference but I never notice it. You know why? Because she is very mature. Besides, it doesn’t really matter to me what you guys think. I mean, I’m the one dating Elizabeth, not you! [line_index=19]
- Joey: That’s not what she said last night. [line_index=20; stage=Ross glares at him.]
- Rachel: See? Now, he could date her. [line_index=21]

## Scene s06e25_sc09 | Monica
Description: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is practicing proposing.

- Chandler: Will you marry me? Will you marry me? Hey, you marry me! What’s going on little elves? [line_index=0; emotions=joy; stage=Makes like a gun with his fingers. He gives up as Joey, Rachel, Phoebe, and Ross slink in all excited.]
- Joey: It’s the big night! We wanted to wish you good luck! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Yeah, yeah you have the ring? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Yeah, right here in my pocket. Pheebs? [line_index=3; stage=Pats his pocket. Phoebe smiles, goes over to hug him, and removes the ring from his pocket.]
- Phoebe: Oh! Oop! [line_index=4; stage=Hands him back the ring.]
- Chandler: Okay, now will you guys get out of here? I want this is to be a surprise and she’s gonna know. [line_index=5]
- Ross: Yeah-yeah you guys. Get out of here! [line_index=6; stage=to the rest of them]

## Scene s06e25_sc10 | Monica
Description: Monica enters from the bedroom.

- Monica: Hi guys. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: You are beautiful. [line_index=1; stage=To Monica]
- Monica: Oh, thank you! What’s going on? [line_index=2; stage=The gang exhibits signs of quiet apprehension and wears knowing glances. Monica giggles.]
- Rachel: We’re just really…very excited about this charity event that we have to go to. [line_index=3; stage=breaking up]

## Scene s06e25_sc11 | The Charity Event
Description: The Charity Event, they’re holding a silent auction, Rachel is looking at one of the items and Phoebe walks up and hands her a glass of wine.

- Phoebe: Here. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Oh! Thank you! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: So now what’s going on here? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Uh well, uh this is a silent auction. They lay out all the stuff here and then you write down your offer and then the highest bid gets it. [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: No, I know what a silent is I meant, what’s going on with your hair? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Uh, wh-why? [line_index=5; emotions=anxiety; stage=suddenly worried]
- Phoebe: No! It’s nice! [line_index=6]

## Scene s06e25_sc12 | The Charity Event
Description: Rachel’s boss, Mr. Thompson walks up.

- Mr. Thompson: Nice to see you Rachel. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Oh, hi! [line_index=1]
- Mr. Thompson: So glad you brought someone. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Someone? I brought people. Mr. Thompson, this is Phoebe. Phoebe, this is Mr. Thompson. He’s the head of my department. [line_index=3; stage=She introduces them.]
- Phoebe: Oh, hi. [line_index=4; stage=They shake hands.]
- Rachel: And I also brought my friend Joey… [line_index=5]
- Joey: Oh!! Shrimp toast! [line_index=6; stage=behind them Walks right past the little group on his way for the shrimp toast.]
- Rachel: Well, y’know I-I don’t know where he is. [line_index=7]
- Mr. Thompson: Well, I hope you’re gonna bid on some things Rachel. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Well, y’know what? Actually, I was about to bid on this lovely trip to Paris. [line_index=9]
- Mr. Thompson: Ohh, nice choice. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=11]
- Mr. Thompson: Good luck. [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Thank you. Okay, twenty dollars. [line_index=13; stage=Mr. Thompson walks away and after he’s left. writing her bid down]

## Scene s06e25_sc13 | Elizabeth’s Dorm Room
Description: Elizabeth’s Dorm Room, Ross is walking up to her door and knocks on it. Suddenly the door opens and Elizabeth drags him into the room.

- Zoe: Shut the door! Shut the door!! [line_index=0; stage=Runs over and closes the door.]
- Ross: What’s-what’s going on? [line_index=1]
- Elizabeth: The guys across the hall are throwing water balloons at us. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Oh, you have to call the police! That’s what I did to the kids in my building! [line_index=3]
- Elizabeth: No, it’s a water balloon fight! We started it! [line_index=4]
- Ross: Oh! Listen umm, I, I just stopped by to see if you wanted to see this play tonight. Umm, it’s supposed to be excellent. The director is the same… [line_index=5; stage=Does a laugh/groan.]
- Elizabeth: Who drank all the Kamikazes? [line_index=6; stage=ignoring him and picking up a pitcher]
- Sarah: Nobody! We put them in here! [line_index=7; stage=approaching with two filled balloons in her hands Indicates the aforementioned balloons causing both of them to scream in delight and start drinking from the balloons.]
- Elizabeth: You want some?! [line_index=8; stage=To Ross Starts to squirt the Kamikaze at him.]
- Ross: No! Okay! Okay! Okay, look, can I, can I just-just talk to you for a second? [line_index=9; stage=Stops her.]
- Elizabeth: Yeah, sure. [line_index=10]
- Ross: Uh, so this play umm, what do you think? It’s-it’s gotten great reviews! Y’know the uh… [line_index=11]

## Scene s06e25_sc14 | Elizabeth’s Dorm Room
Description: Suddenly the door opens and two guys come rushing in wielding water balloons.

- First Dorm Guy: Attack! [line_index=0]

## Scene s06e25_sc15 | Elizabeth’s Dorm Room
Description: They start lobbing the balloons in. Ross desperately tries to get out of the line of fire but is struck in the back. The girls all retreat to relative safety behind the couch.

- Second Dorm Guy: Put your balloons down! [line_index=0]
- First Dorm Guy: You put your balloons down!! [line_index=1]

## Scene s06e25_sc16 | Elizabeth’s Dorm Room
Description: Both opposing camps start screaming at each other to drop their weapons and surrender. Finally, Ross steps in as a mediator.

- Ross: Everybody put their balloons down !!! Now this is a nice suit!! [line_index=0; stage=screaming There is a temporary cease fire. Shows everyone where he was hit.]

## Scene s06e25_sc17 | The Charity Event
Description: The Charity Event, Mr. Thompson is announcing the winners of the silent auction.

- Mr. Thompson: Our next item is the romantic trip to Paris. It goes to Emil Alexander high a high bid of 2,300. [line_index=0; stage=Pause.]
- Rachel: Ugh! So close! [line_index=1]

## Scene s06e25_sc18 | The Charity Event
Description: Phoebe returns a with a tray full of different kinds of drinks.

- Phoebe: Hey you guys! Look! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: I got me some drinks! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: What are you doing? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Open bar! [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Well now it’s an empty bar. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: You just can’t stand anyone else enjoying themselves can’t you? [line_index=6]
- Mr. Thompson: And finally, our biggest item of the night, the 22-foot gentleman’s day sailer sailboat. The winning bid was a whooping $20,000! [line_index=7; emotions=joy; stage=Joey suddenly gets excited.]
- Joey: I won! That was my guess! [line_index=8]
- Rachel: What?! What?! What?! [line_index=9]
- Joey: I guessed 20,000! [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Joey! It is an auction! You don’t guess, you buy! [line_index=11]
- Joey: What?! I don’t have 20,000! [line_index=12]
- Mr. Thompson: Congratulations on your new boat, Joey Tribbiani!! [line_index=13]

## Scene s06e25_sc19 | The Charity Event
Description: Everyone applauds and he stands up slowly.

- Rachel: Joey! Sit down! [line_index=0; stage=Pulls him down.]
- Phoebe: Forget her! You enjoy this!! (Pulls him back up and starts applauding again. Joey waves and does a salute.] [line_index=1]

## Scene s06e25_sc20 | A Restaurant
Description: A Restaurant, Monica and Chandler are sitting at a table. Monica is checking her makeup as Chandler suddenly has a horrifying thought and starts patting down his pockets until he finds what he’s looking for and sighs in relief.

- Monica: What are you doing? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: One nation, under God. Indivisible with liberty and justice for all. I remembered it. The champagne is here. [line_index=1; stage=trying to cover up why his hand is over his heart Laughs. It’s a butchered version of the Pledge of Allegiance of the United States for our foreign friends. The waiter is delivering it and pouring two glasses.]
- Monica: Are you okay? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Yes! Yes! I’m good! Are you good? Are you good? Is everything—are you—are you perrr-perfect?! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Yeah. I’m okay. I’m actually—I’m a little cold, can I have your jacket? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Oh, yeah. Uh, no you can’t have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should’ve brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay? [line_index=5; stage=Starts to take it off and then realizes]
- Monica: Are you sure you’re okay? [line_index=6; stage=laughs]
- Chandler: Yes! I’m fine. In fact I’ve been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Ohh that’s sweet! [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Okay umm, before I meant you I had really little life and I couldn’t imagine growing old with… [line_index=9]

## Scene s06e25_sc21 | A Restaurant
Description: As he’s talking Monica notices someone familiar has just entered the restaurant. Let’s see; I seem to remember him driving a Ferrari in Hawaii solving crimes as a private investigator and as a certain eye doctor in more recent times.

- Monica: Oh my God! [line_index=0; stage=interrupting him]
- Chandler: I know, but just let me say it. [line_index=1; stage=not knowing the true meaning of her exclamation]
- Monica: Oh my God, Richard. [line_index=2; stage=Yep, Richard’s back.]
- Chandler: What?! I’m Chandler! Oh, that’s Richard! [line_index=3; stage=She nods towards the doorway, Chandler turns and looks]
- Monica: Oh God, maybe he won’t see us. Richard! [line_index=4]

## Scene s06e25_sc22 | A Restaurant
Description: Monica smiles then acts shocked. Chandler can’t believe she just did that.

- Richard: Monica! Chandler! [line_index=0; stage=approaching them with a woman in tow]
- Chandler: Hey-hey, hey! I don’t know why I did that! [line_index=1; stage=Gets up and hugs him.]
- Monica: Hey, it’s good to see you! [line_index=2]
- Richard: You too, you let uh, your hair grow long. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Yeah—Oh that’s right. You, you always wanted me too. Hey, I see you got your mustache back. [line_index=4]
- Richard: Well, my nose got lonely. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: And uh, you don’t have a mustache which is good. I’m Chandler; I make jokes when I’m uncomfortable. [line_index=6; stage=to Richard’s date She just smiles.]
- Chandler: Hi. [line_index=7]
- Richard: Oh, I’m sorry. Lisa, Monica, Chandler. We used to date. [line_index=8; stage=Introduces them. nodding at each]
- Chandler: Richard! No one supposed to know about us! See I, did it again. [line_index=9; stage=Richard just smiles at him.]
- Monica: Chandler, wh-why don’t we sit down? [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Yeah, I’ll sit down. [line_index=11; stage=He slides back into his chair.]
- Monica: It’s good to see you [line_index=12; stage=to Richard]
- Matire'd: You’re table’s ready sir. [line_index=13; stage=to Richard]
- Richard: Oh. Good to see you guys. [line_index=14]
- Chandler: Yes. [line_index=15; stage=Thinking he’s gone.]
- Matire'd: Or if you prefer, this table is available. [line_index=16; stage=motioning to the empty table next to Monica and Chandler’s]
- Richard: That might be fun. [line_index=17; stage=Richard and Lisa sit down.]

## Scene s06e25_sc23 | The Charity Event
Description: The Charity Event, Rachel, Phoebe, and Joey are sitting at their table.

- Rachel: What were you thinking?! [line_index=0]
- Joey: I didn’t know it was an auction! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Wh?! [line_index=2]
- Joey: I figured, take a guess, help a charity, free boat! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Why would a charity give away a free boat?! [line_index=4]
- Joey: I don’t know! Charity? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Ugh! [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Well, just buy the damn boat! [line_index=7; stage=She’s still working her way through her tray of booze.]
- Rachel: Phoebe, don’t you think you’ve had enough to drink? [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: I’m just helping the kids! [line_index=9]
- Rachel: How is you drinking helping the kids? [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Because the more I drink, the less there is for the kids to drink. [line_index=11]
- Mr. Thompson: Mr. Tribbiani. [line_index=12; stage=approaching]
- Joey: Oh hi! [line_index=13]
- Mr. Thompson: Your generous contribution brings us a big step closer to building the youth center. [line_index=14]
- Joey: Just out of curiosity, how-how much is that boat worth? [line_index=15]
- Mr. Thompson: I think it was valued at 19,000 [line_index=16]
- Joey: Hey, I was pretty close. Uhh, so bad news. Umm, I can’t buy the boat, I don’t have any money. [line_index=17; stage=To Rachel She just glares at him.]

## Scene s06e25_sc24 | The Charity Event
Description: Mr. Thompson looks shocked and at Rachel, she suddenly starts laughing.

- Rachel: Joey! Joey, good one! [line_index=0; stage=Mr. Thompson starts to laugh.]
- Mr. Thompson: That’s good. Very good! [line_index=1; stage=Walks away.]

## Scene s06e25_sc25 | The Charity Event
Description: After he’s left, Rachel stops laughing and glares at Joey again.

- Joey: So uh listen, I think I’m gonna take off now. [line_index=0; stage=Starts to get up.]
- Rachel: Hey! You…can’t…leave Joey! You agreed to buy that boat, all right?! That is a contract! And plus if you leave, my boss is gonna kill me! [line_index=1; stage=stopping him]
- Joey: Well, what am I gonna do Rach?! I don’t have that kind of money! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: I know. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. All right, this is what we’re gonna do, we are gonna go to the next highest bidder, and we are just gonna let them buy it, and then you’re just gonna pay the difference. [line_index=3; stage=Whispering and thinking.]
- Joey: Okay. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Okay. [line_index=5]
- Joey: Look, I don’t know why the kids need a youth center anyway! Y’know? They should just watch TV after school like I did and I turned out fine! [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Not great. [line_index=7]

## Scene s06e25_sc26 | The Restaurant
Description: The Restaurant, Monica and Chandler’s and Richard and Lisa’s tables have been pushed together and they’re all eating and talking.

- Monica: And so, we’re hiding in the bathroom. [line_index=0]
- Richard: And-and then I sneak out and before Monica can her parents come in. [line_index=1]
- Monica: So I hide in the shower and the next thing you know they’re going at it right on the bathroom floor. [line_index=2]
- Lisa: Oh my God! [line_index=3; emotions=joy; stage=laughing]
- Chandler: I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy. [line_index=4]

## Scene s06e25_sc27 | An awkward silence ensues
Description: An awkward silence ensues.

- Richard: It’s so great seeing you guys again. I’d like to make a toast. Uh, as a poet once said, "In the sweetness of friendship, let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures for in the due of little things the heart finds it’s morning and is refreshed." [line_index=0; stage=Everyone raises their glasses]
- Monica: Ohh. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: What?! [line_index=2]

## Scene s06e25_sc28 | They all drink
Description: They all drink.


## Scene s06e25_sc29 | Monica
Description: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica and Chandler are returning to find Ross is there waiting for them.

- Ross: Oh my God, you guys!! [line_index=0; emotions=joy; stage=He’s excited about what he thought happened.]
- Chandler: Before you say anything, have we got a story for you! Guess who we bumped into at dinner! [line_index=1; stage=stopping him from going any further]
- Ross: Who? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Richard! [line_index=3]
- Ross: What? A-ohh! Ohh. Oh that’s right that’s right. That’s Richard’s favorite place too. [line_index=4; emotions=joy; stage=Excited Realizes]
- Chandler: Oh you knew that. Good! [line_index=5]
- Monica: I thought you were going out with Elizabeth. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Yeah, I was but uh, she was a little busy with a water balloon fight. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Oh Ross, sometimes grown-ups have commitments they just can’t get out of! [line_index=8]
- Ross: Y’know, maybe she is too young for me. Y’know, when I was over there and she was running around with her friends, I felt like I was a baby-sitter. I finally started to see what you guys were talking about. I don’t know what to do. [line_index=9]
- Monica: Why don’t you just weigh out the good stuff about the relationship against the bad stuff. I mean that’s what I did when I first weighing stuff. [line_index=10; stage=looks at Chandler and pauses]
- Ross: Okay umm, bad stuff. Well, I’m-I’m 12 years older than she is. [line_index=11]
- Monica: If the school finds out you’re fired. [line_index=12]
- Ross: Hmm. [line_index=13]
- Monica: She’s leaving for three months. [line_index=14]
- Chandler: For cam p ! [line_index=15]
- Ross: Okay, good stuff. Umm, well she’s-she’s sweet and pretty and… [line_index=16]
- Monica: Look Ross, the only question you need to ask is, "Do you see a future?" I mean like do you see yourself marrying her? Oh my God! You did it already! You married her, didn’t you?! [line_index=17; stage=Ross pauses in consideration.]
- Ross: No! No! I…didn’t do that. It’s just… Okay, honestly no. I don’t, I don’t see a big future with her. [line_index=18]
- Monica: Okay well I think…that’s your answer. [line_index=19]
- Ross: I’ve got to talk to her. Ugh, I hate this part. [line_index=20]
- Chandler: Hey, you have to forget about Elizabeth. I mean if you’re not careful you may not get married at all this year! [line_index=21]

## Scene s06e25_sc30 | The Charity Event
Description: The Charity Event, Rachel and Phoebe are sitting at the table as Joey approaches.

- Joey: Rach! Rachel! Okay, the next highest bidder is at table one. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Oh great! [line_index=1]
- Joey: Oh and uh the guy who got the Paris trip is at table four. [line_index=2; stage=To Phoebe]
- Phoebe: Oh, okay. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Why do you care about the guy who won the Paris trip? [line_index=4; stage=To Phoebe]
- Phoebe: It’s a trip for two! Excuse me. Excuse me, is the person who won the Paris trip at this table? [line_index=5; stage=She gets up and takes off her blouse-type thingy she’s wearing over her dress. She walks over to table four.]
- Emil Alexander: That was me. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Oh, en chante. [line_index=7; stage=She holds out her hand for him to kiss it, but he only shakes it.]
- Joey: Uhh, excuse me is there a Mr. Bowmont at this table? [line_index=8]
- Mr. Bowmont: That’s me. [line_index=9]
- Joey: Ahh, yes. [line_index=10; stage=Pushes Rachel in front of himself so that she could do the talking.]
- Rachel: Oh well, hello. This is your lucky day Mr. Bowmont, the uh gentleman day sailer as just become available again and I believe that you made a bid of $18,000. [line_index=11]
- Joey: You-you have to pay that! It’s not just a guess. [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Okay. Okay. [line_index=13; stage=To Joey Shushes him.]
- Mr. Bowmont: I was actually relieved uh I didn’t win the boat. My wife would’ve killed me. [line_index=14]
- Rachel: Ohh… [line_index=15]
- Joey: Are you kidding me?! She’s gonna this boat! [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Y-Yeah! What-what is your wife’s name? [line_index=17]
- Mr. Bowmont: It’s Pam. [line_index=18]
- Rachel: Pam! Oh God okay, just imagine this, "The Pam." [line_index=19]
- Joey: Aw-awww! [line_index=20]
- Mr. Bowmont: I don’t think she’d like that. [line_index=21]
- Rachel: Okay, uh-uh imagine this, "The Mr. Bowmont." [line_index=22]
- Joey: Oooooh… [line_index=23]
- Mr. Bowmont: I don’t think so dear. [line_index=24]
- Rachel: Okay look, let me paint you a little picture. All right, you are settin’ sail up the Hudson! You’ve got the wind in your h——arms! You-you get all that peace and quiet that you’ve always wanted! You get back to nature! You can go fishin’! You can—ooh, you can get one of those little hats and have people call you captain, and then when you’re old, Cappy. [line_index=25; stage=She sits down next to him. sees that he’s bald]
- Mr. Bowmont: What the hell, it’s for a good cause! All right! [line_index=26]
- Joey: No way! It’s mine!! [line_index=27]
- Rachel: What?! What?! [line_index=28; stage=To Joey]
- Joey: All that stuff you just said? I want that! [line_index=29]
- Rachel: But Joey you don’t have $20,000! [line_index=30]
- Joey: Who cares?! I-I’ll make payments, whatever it takes, I want the Mr. Bowmont!! [line_index=31]

## Scene s06e25_sc31 | Monica
Description: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica is taking out the garbage as Phoebe and Joey enter. Phoebe gasps.

- Joey: Oh my God, you’re back! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Ohh, let me see it! Let me see your hand! [line_index=1; stage=Chandler is frantically trying to wave them off.]
- Monica: Why do you want to see my hand? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: I wanna see what’s in your hand. I wanna see the trash. [line_index=3]
- Joey: Yeah. [line_index=4]

## Scene s06e25_sc32 | Monica
Description: Chandler puts his face in his hands as Joey and Phoebe start to examine the trash.

- Phoebe: Eww! Oh, it’s all dirty. You should throw this out. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Okay. [line_index=1; stage=suspiciously Exits to carry out Phoebe’s wishes.]
- Chandler: What did you guys just do?! [line_index=2; stage=after the door closes]
- Phoebe: What happened? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Richard was there so I couldn’t do it! [line_index=4]
- Joey: What?! Noooo… [line_index=5; stage=Phoebe gasps.]
- Chandler: I’m gonna do it tomorrow y’know, and-and surprise her, but now you’ve ruined it! [line_index=6]
- Joey: We didn’t ruin it! [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Who walks into a room and asks to see a person’s hands?! [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Well, a palm reader, a manicurist, a hand doctor… [line_index=9]
- Joey: Glove salesman! [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Good one! Yeah. [line_index=11]
- Chandler: This is terrible. What am I going to do? [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Look, she only suspects something okay? She doesn’t know for sure, so just throw her off the track. [line_index=13]
- Chandler: That’s right, I can throw her off. I can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind. [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: Yeah! Yeah! Convince her that-that you’re scared of commitment! Convince her that you’re a little coward! [line_index=15]
- Chandler: I can do that, I’ve had 30 years of practice. [line_index=16]
- Joey: Hey, being you is finally gonna pay off! [line_index=17; stage=They give each other fives.]
- Monica: I had to go all the way to the basement because some idiot keeps stuffing the trash chute with pizza boxes! [line_index=18; stage=entering]
- Joey: That guy’s still doing that?! [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Hey! Oh my God you’re here, let me see your hand!! [line_index=20; stage=entering Sees Monica, gasps, and runs over to her.]
- Phoebe: No, you’re too late!!! She already took out the trash!!! [line_index=21]

## Scene s06e25_sc33 | Outside of Elizabeth’s dormitory
Description: Outside of Elizabeth’s dormitory, Ross is exiting after breaking up with her and we can hear his thoughts.

- Elizabeth: Ross! Wait! [line_index=0; stage=sticking her head out her window]
- Ross: Elizabeth, thank God! I was just thinking about… [line_index=1]
- Elizabeth: You suck!! [line_index=2]
- Ross: What?! [line_index=3]

## Scene s06e25_sc34 | Outside of Elizabeth’s dormitory
Description: She throws a water balloon at him and hits him on the head and hits him again at the waist with another one.

- Ross: Okay, break-up’s still on! [line_index=0]

## Scene s06e25_sc35 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Chandler is looking out the window and Joey is sitting on the couch.

- Chandler: Okay, okay, here she comes! How do I look? Do I look like a guy who doesn’t want to get married? [line_index=0; stage=Sits on the couch next to him.]
- Joey: Yeah! And also, a little like a French guy. I never noticed that before. [line_index=1; stage=They both squint at each other.]
- Monica: Hi guys! [line_index=2; stage=entering]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=4]
- Monica: What are you up too? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Oh, just hanging out, talkin’ about uh, websites. Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you. [line_index=6; stage=Joey laughs.]
- Joey: Yeah, Big Brother. [line_index=7; stage=laughs]
- Monica: Well that’s a little crazy. Although I am y’know glad to hear that you’re branching out on what you look at on the Internet. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Yeah, well… Y’know, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh? [line_index=9]
- Monica: Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one another to the world! [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Eh… [line_index=11]
- Monica: Okay well that’s good to know. [line_index=12]

## Scene s06e25_sc36 | Central Perk
Description: We hear the backup horn of a truck and see through the window that the Mr. Bowmont has arrived.

- Joey: The Mr. Bowmont’s here!!! [line_index=0; emotions=joy; stage=all excited Jumps over the back off the couch and runs out into the street.]

## Scene s06e25_sc37 | Monica’s Restaurant’s kitchen
Description: Monica’s Restaurant’s kitchen, she’s cooking as a waitress sticks her head in.

- Waitress: Hey Monica, there’s a customer who wants to complement the chef, should I let him in? [line_index=0]
- Monica: Sure, I love this part! [line_index=1; stage=Starts to look busy.]
- Waitress: Come on in. [line_index=2; stage=to the customer]

## Scene s06e25_sc38 | Monica’s Restaurant’s kitchen
Description: The customer turns out to be…

- Richard: Hi! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Richard! [line_index=1]
- Richard: Actually, I’m not here to complement the chef. [line_index=2]
- Monica: Ohh… Oh, that’s okay I hate when people come back to complement the chef. Like I have nothing better to do! So what’s up? [line_index=3]
- Richard: Well, it was great seeing you the other night. [line_index=4]
- Monica: Oh, good to see you too. Did you come down here to tell me that? [line_index=5]
- Richard: No! I came here to tell you something else. I came here to tell you I still love you. [line_index=6; stage=Pause Pause]

## Scene s06e25_sc39 | Monica’s Restaurant
Description: Monica’s Restaurant, continued from earlier.

- Monica: What uh—What did you—What?! [line_index=0]
- Richard: I still love you. And I know I probably shouldn’t even be here telling you this, I mean you’re with Chandler a guy I really like, and if you say he’s straight I’ll believe you! After seeing ya the other night I knew if I didn’t tell ya I’d regret it for the rest of my life. Letting you go was the stupidest thing I ever did. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Y’know you’re really not supposed to be back here! [line_index=2]
- Richard: Well yeah, I’m sorry. I know this is the wrong time and the wrong place but I had to tell ya! I wanna spend my life with you. I wanna marry you. I wanna have kids with you. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Oh God… Why don’t they put chairs back here?! [line_index=4; stage=Starts looking around.]
- Richard: I know this is crazy but am I too late? [line_index=5]
- Monica: What the… Yes you’re too late! Where was all this three years ago?! [line_index=6]
- Richard: Well I know I was an idiot! And I tried to forget you, I really did! Y’know after we had lunch last year I spent six months in Africa trying to get you out of my head! [line_index=7]
- Monica: What were you doing in Africa? [line_index=8]
- Richard: Working with blind kids. [line_index=9]
- Monica: Ohhh! What are you doing to me?! Oh look, I-I… I’m sorry but umm, this-this-this-this is not going to happen. [line_index=10]
- Richard: Okay that’s fine, I’ll walk away. And I’ll never bother you again, but only if you tell me Chandler’s willing to give you everything I am. [line_index=11]
- Monica: Well he is! Yeah, I mean marriage is all he talks about! My goodness, in fact, I’m the one that’s making him wait! [line_index=12]
- Richard: You are? [line_index=13]
- Monica: Yeah! [line_index=14]
- Richard: Why? [line_index=15]
- Monica: Why? Because of the government. [line_index=16]

## Scene s06e25_sc40 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Rachel is bringing Phoebe some coffee.

- Rachel: Isn’t it incredible?! Monica and Chandler, gettin’ married. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: I know, they’re gonna be so happy together. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Ohh… I mean two best friends falling in love, how often does that happen? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Not that often! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: No! I’m so happy for them! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Me too! So happy for them! [line_index=5]
- Rachel: I’m so happy and not at all jealous. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Oh no! No God, definitely not jealous! [line_index=7]

## Scene s06e25_sc41 | Central Perk
Description: They both take a drink of coffee.

- Rachel: I mean I’m probably 98% happy, maybe 2% jealous. And I mean what’s 2%? That’s nothing. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Totally. I’m like 90/10. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Yeah me too. [line_index=2]

## Scene s06e25_sc42 | Central Perk
Description: Joey enters looking like Captain Stubing from the Love Boat .

- Joey: Hey uh, have you guys scene Chandler? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Wh—no, but y’know who did stop in here looking for ya, Tennille. [line_index=1; stage=staring at him]

## Scene s06e25_sc43 | A Pizza Joint
Description: A Pizza Joint, Chandler and Monica are eating lunch.

- Monica: So that marriage stuff that you were saying yesterday, you don’t really believe that do you? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let’s take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don’t mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and that’s just an ordinary pig not even a pig that’s good at sports! [line_index=1]
- Monica: Yeah, but that’s pigs not people! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: If marriage worked, I’d be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97%. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Wait a minute. Are you honestly telling me that-that you may never want to get married? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Well, never say never but y’know probably uh yeah, never. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Oh my God! Then-then-then what are we even doing?! What is this?! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What is all this pressure?! Is this some new kind of strategy? Why don’t you put down your copy of ‘The Rules’ huh mantrap?! [line_index=7]
- Monica: Y’know what?! I gotta go! Ugh! [line_index=8]

## Scene s06e25_sc44 | A Pizza Joint
Description: She gets up and storms out. The people at the other tables are staring at Chandler.

- Chandler: It’s okay, I got a plan. [line_index=0; stage=to them]

## Scene s06e25_sc45 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe and Rachel are still talking.

- Rachel: We’re gonna find love! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Definitely! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Yeah, I’m pretty confident about that. That’s what makes it so easy for me to be 80% happy for Monica and Chandler! It would be nice to have a little guarantee though. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: What do you mean? [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Well y’know, some people make deals with a friend, like if neither of them are married by the time they’re 40, they marry each other. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: You mean a backup? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Exactly! [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Yeah, yeah I got that. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: You do? [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Hm-mmm. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Who? [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Joey. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Joey?! [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Yeah! [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Are you serious?! [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I locked him years ago! [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Wh… So… If neither of you are married by the time you’re 40, you’re gonna marry Joey. [line_index=16]
- Phoebe: Yep, we shook on it. Yeah but believe me that is not how he wanted to seal the deal. [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Oh, seriously? [line_index=18]
- Phoebe: Ohh, yeah. I think his exact words were… [line_index=19; stage=She makes two clicking sounds with her tongue and purrs.]
- Rachel: Charming. [line_index=20]
- Phoebe: Well hey, it’s just a backup. [line_index=21]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=22]

## Scene s06e25_sc46 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey and Rachel's, Joey, still looking like Captain Stubing, is practicing his slipknots as Monica enters.

- Joey: Hey Monica! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Have you seen Rachel? Or a mirror? [line_index=1]
- Joey: This is for my boat, pretty cool huh? [line_index=2]
- Monica: Yeah, it’s great. [line_index=3]
- Joey: Whoa-whoa, what’s the matter?! Talk to the captain! [line_index=4]
- Monica: I’m just having one of those days where you realize you’re in a dead-end relationship! [line_index=5]
- Joey: Chandler giving you a hard time huh? [line_index=6]
- Monica: It’s not like I want to get married tomorrow! It’s just that I-I’d like to believe that I’m in a relationship that’s actually going somewhere, that I’m not just wasting my time! [line_index=7]
- Joey: Well, you know Chandler. [line_index=8]
- Monica: No I don’t know Chandler! Not anymore! It’s like it’s like something’s changed. [line_index=9]
- Joey: Maybe you changed? [line_index=10]
- Monica: I didn’t change! [line_index=11]
- Joey: Maybe that’s the problem. [line_index=12]
- Monica: What?! [line_index=13]
- Joey: Chandler is a complex fellow, one who is unlikely to take a wife. [line_index=14]
- Monica: Is that some kind of boat talk? [line_index=15]
- Joey: I don’t know! I haven’t totally decided how to talk on my boat yet. [line_index=16; emotions=joy; stage=All excited]
- Monica: What does he think? Does he think I’m just gonna wait around for nothing? [line_index=17]
- Joey: Monica face it, Chandler is against marriage. And-and always will be! [line_index=18]
- Monica: Well there’s some people who do want to marry me. [line_index=19; stage=starts for the door]
- Joey: There are? [line_index=20]
- Monica: Yeah! Richard! [line_index=21]
- Joey: R-R-Richard said he wants to marry you?! And-and Chandler’s tellin’ ya how much he hates marriage?! [line_index=22; stage=Monica nods yes.]
- Monica: That’s right. [line_index=23]
- Joey: Chandler loves marriage!! [line_index=24]
- Monica: You just told me that he hates marriage! That-that he’s a-a complex fellow who’s unlikely to take a wife! That-that he’s against marriage and always will be! [line_index=25]
- Joey: You got that from what I said?! [line_index=26]

## Scene s06e25_sc47 | Ross's apartment
Description: Ross's apartment, Ross is watching a show about the extinction of the dinosaurs.

- Ross: What happened you guys? [line_index=0]

## Scene s06e25_sc48 | Ross's apartment
Description: There’s a knock on the door, he shuts the TV off, and answers it.

- Ross: Rach! [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Hey you! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hey, come on in. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh thank you. Hey y’know, I’m so sorry to hear about you and Elizabeth. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Oh, thanks. Yeah, I really thought we’d be able to make it work, but uh, I guess it just wasn’t meant to be. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Yeah, love. It’s a tricky business isn’t it? [line_index=5]
- Ross: I guess so. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: So what do you say we make a pact? If you and I are both single by the time we’re 40, we get married. I mean, we know each other, we like each other, and we’ve-we’ve already slept together so y’know there’ll be no surprises there! You know what I mean? No like, "What’s that?!" [line_index=7]
- Ross: Right. Ohh! You-you want me to be your backup. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Exactly. [line_index=9]
- Ross: Ohh, yeah I already have one. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: What? Who? [line_index=11]
- Ross: Phoebe. [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Phoebe?! Wait a—but-but she just, she said that Joey was her backup. [line_index=13]
- Ross: Ohh, I don’t think so. [line_index=14]
- Rachel: Ross! I just had a conversation with her, and she said that she and Joey made a deal! [line_index=15]
- Ross: That’s impossible! I mean we have had a deal for years! We-we-we shook on it, although believe me she wanted to do a lot more than that. [line_index=16]

## Scene s06e25_sc49 | Monica
Description: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is entering to find Joey, still looking like Captain Stubing, on the phone.

- Joey: Where the hell have you been?! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I was making a coconut phone with the professor. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Richard told Monica he wants to marry her! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: What?! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Yeah! Yeah, I’ve been trying to find ya to tell to stop messing with her and maybe I would have if these damn boat shoes wouldn’t keep flying off! [line_index=4; stage=lifts a leg]
- Chandler: My—Oh my God! [line_index=5]
- Joey: I know! They suck!! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: He’s not supposed to ask my girlfriend to marry him! I’m supposed to do that! [line_index=7]
- Joey: I know! [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Well what… Y’know what I’m gonna do? I’m gonna go over there; I’m gonna kick his ass! Will you help me?! [line_index=9; stage=Pause]
- Joey: Look, Chandler I don’t think us getting our asses kicked is a solution. Okay? Just go and find Monica! [line_index=10]
- Chandler: You’re right. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Yeah! [line_index=12]
- Chandler: Okay. I’m gonna get the ring! I’m gonna get the ring! I’m gonna go find her and I’m just going to propose! [line_index=13; stage=Starts running for the bedroom Does so starts running for the door]
- Joey: Okay. [line_index=14]
- Chandler: Okay great. [line_index=15]
- Joey: Dude-dude-dude! [line_index=16]
- Chandler: What?! [line_index=17]
- Joey: Let me know about that coconut phone, it might great for the boat. [line_index=18]

## Scene s06e25_sc50 | Richard’s Apartment
Description: Richard’s Apartment, he’s smoking a cigar and reading a book as there is a knock on the door. He gets up and opens the door to reveal…

- Monica: Hi. [line_index=0]
- Richard: Hi. [line_index=1]
- Monica: I don’t know why I’m here. [line_index=2]
- Richard: I didn’t ask. You wanna come in? [line_index=3]
- Monica: I don’t know. [line_index=4]
- Richard: Oh, okay. Well, I’ll just leave the door open and go sit on the couch. [line_index=5; stage=Does so.]
- Monica: Chandler is such an idiot! [line_index=6; stage=entering]
- Richard: Drink? [line_index=7; stage=standing up quickly]
- Monica: Yeah, I’ll have a scotch… [line_index=8]
- Richard: …on the rocks with a twist? I remember. [line_index=9; stage=Goes to make her drink.]
- Monica: Still smoking cigars? [line_index=10; stage=moving over to the couch]
- Richard: Uh, no! No! That’s…art! If it bothers you I can put my art out. [line_index=11]
- Monica: No that’s, that’s okay. [line_index=12]
- Richard: So Monica let me ask you a question. Y’know, since we broke up do you ever, think about me? [line_index=13]
- Monica: Uh yeah, I-I actually I thought about you a couple months ago. [line_index=14]
- Richard: Oh really? [line_index=15]
- Monica: Yeah but it was because I-I had an eye exam and I don’t like my new eye doctor. [line_index=16]
- Richard: Who is it? [line_index=17]
- Monica: Edward Nevski? [line_index=18]
- Richard: Yeah he’s no good. Do you ever think about me in a non-eye doctor way? [line_index=19; stage=pause pause]
- Monica: No. [line_index=20]
- Richard: Ahh. [line_index=21]
- Monica: But getting over was the hardest thing that I’ve ever had to do. And I never let myself think about you. [line_index=22]

## Scene s06e25_sc51 | Richard mouths, "Wow!"
Description: Richard mouths, "Wow!"


## Scene s06e25_sc52 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe is reading as Rachel enters.

- Rachel: Phoebe! You picked Joey and Ross?! You can not have two backups! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Of course I can! It’s just good sense to backup your backup! Look, I’ve already lost Chandler! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: What?! [line_index=2]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=3; stage=entering]
- Ross: Hey! [line_index=4; stage=entering]
- Joey: Phoebe! We’re both your backup?! [line_index=5; stage=points at Ross and himself]
- Ross: Phoebe, how could you do this to me?! [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: I don’t—Look I don’t know what you’re complaining about now? You were both aware of the situation! [line_index=7]

## Scene s06e25_sc53 | At the same time
Description: At the same time.

- Joey: No we weren’t! [line_index=0]
- Ross: I was not! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Okay, this kind of back talk is not gonna fly when we’re married! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Phoebe you can’t have both of them! You have to pick one! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Pick me!! [line_index=4]
- Ross: No! Pick me! I don’t want to end up an old maid! [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: All right well let’s see, Ross is a good father, but Joey has a boat—This is hard! [line_index=6]
- Joey: This is crazy! Hey look, I wanna switch to Rachel! [line_index=7]
- Ross: Ooh, I wanna switch to Rachel too! [line_index=8]

## Scene s06e25_sc54 | Rachel gets all happy
Description: Rachel gets all happy.

- Phoebe: No wait! Just—Okay—Just wait! You guys! Wait you guys! Don’t make any rash decisions, okay? Just remember my promise, when we get married, three times a week. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Oh God, Phoebe! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: I’m talking about massages. [line_index=2; stage=To Rachel]
- Rachel: Oh. [line_index=3]

## Scene s06e25_sc55 | Rachel gets all happy
Description: She turns her head away and when she’s not looking, Phoebe shakes her head and mouths, "No, I’m not." Both Joey and Ross smile, look at each other, and then stop smiling.

- Rachel: Okay, y’know what?! I know-I know how to settle this! All right here, this is what we’re gonna do! I’m gonna write Joey on one napkin and I’m gonna right Ross on the other napkin and we are going to pick one! And that person is going to be our backup! Okay? [line_index=0; stage=does so does so]
- Joey: Okay that’s fair. [line_index=1]
- Ross: All right. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Good! [line_index=3]

## Scene s06e25_sc56 | Rachel gets all happy
Description: Rachel mixes them up in her hands, moves them all around, and puts her hands behind her back.

- Rachel: Pick one. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Left! Thank you. [line_index=1; stage=Rachel hands her the napkin in her left hand and they both unfold and read them.]
- Rachel: You’re welcome. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Ross! [line_index=3; stage=reading]
- Rachel: Joey! We should just switch. [line_index=4; stage=reading Pause]
- Phoebe: Yeah absolutely! [line_index=5; stage=They both switch.]
- Joey: Yeah. [line_index=6]

## Scene s06e25_sc57 | Richard’s Apartment
Description: Richard’s Apartment, Monica is looking around and notices an African mask hanging on the wall.

- Monica: I missed you-you ugly, flat faced old freak! [line_index=0; stage=to the mask]
- Richard: Excuse me? [line_index=1]
- Monica: Oh! Him. [line_index=2; stage=Laughs and points at the mask.]
- Richard: Oh. Whew! [line_index=3; stage=Laughs.]
- Monica: I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up’s apartment! Y’know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?! [line_index=4]
- Richard: Yeah! You’re saying, you need to be with someone more mature. Maybe someone with, a license to practice medicine. Or a mustache. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Y’know, let’s face it, I’m not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about pig sex over lunch, I don’t want that! [line_index=6]
- Richard: I think that’s fair. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Fair? Please don’t even talk to me about fair! Fair would’ve been you wanting to marry me back then! Or fair would’ve been Chandler wanting to marry me now! Believe me, nothing about this is fair! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! [line_index=8]
- Richard: It’s okay! Shh! Hey. Hey. Shhhh. [line_index=9; stage=Hugs her]
- Monica: Nothing. I don’t kn—Umm. I don’t know. Umm… [line_index=10; stage=She backs away a little bit but is still in his arms and looks up at his eyes.]
- Richard: I know. [line_index=11; stage=Backs away.]
- Monica: Y’know, I-I… I have to figure…some st—Y’know, some stuff before I can… [line_index=12]
- Richard: Yeah, I understand. Take as much time as you want. Ten, even twenty minutes if you need it. I’ll be here. Not smoking. [line_index=13; stage=Pause Monica leaves.]

## Scene s06e25_sc58 | Richard’s Apartment
Description: Richard’s Apartment, time lapse. Richard is smoking as he hears a knock on the door. He quickly puts out his cigar and opens the door.

- Richard: Chandler. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Where is she? I’m not scared of you! [line_index=1; stage=Averts his eyes and walks in.]
- Richard: She’s not here and please come in. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Scotch on the rocks, with a twist, on a coaster? Ha-ha, Monica! Monica! [line_index=3; stage=examining the coffee table]
- Richard: Okay, she was here, but she left. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Well where did she go? [line_index=5]
- Richard: Well she said she had to think things over. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Oh my God, I can’t believe this! Y’know, I thought…I thought you were a good guy. [line_index=7]
- Richard: Oh, hey look nothing happened. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Nothing happened? Nothing? So you didn’t tell my girlfriend that you love her? [line_index=9]
- Richard: Well all right, one thing happened? [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Y’know what? I can’t believe this! Do you know what you did? My girlfriend is out there thinking things over! You made my girlfriend think!! [line_index=11]
- Richard: Well I’m sorry. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: And what does she have to think about? I love her! [line_index=13]
- Richard: Well, apparently I’m willing to offer her things that you are not. [line_index=14]
- Chandler: But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y’know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she’d be surprised! [line_index=15]
- Richard: Well if it helps, it worked very well. [line_index=16]
- Chandler: It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isn’t fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid mistake! I was gonna propose tonight. [line_index=17; stage=Sits down heavily.]
- Richard: You were gonna propose? [line_index=18; stage=Sits on the arm of the couch.]
- Chandler: Yeah I even got a ring. Did you get a ring? [line_index=19; stage=pause Puts in on the center cushion.]
- Richard: No I don’t have a ring! You go get her Chandler. And can I give you a piece of advice? If you do get her, don’t let her go. Trust me. [line_index=20; stage=Pause Pause]
- Chandler: Y’know Richard…you are a good guy. [line_index=21]
- Richard: I know. I hate that! [line_index=22; stage=Pause]

## Scene s06e25_sc59 | Richard’s Apartment
Description: Chandler gets up and runs out, but as soon as the door closes behind him he opens it, runs back in, picks up his ring Richard is holding up for him, and runs back out.


## Scene s06e25_sc60 | The Hallway
Description: The Hallway, Chandler is running up the stairs and towards his apartment, but Joey is taking out the garbage at the same time and stops him in the hall.

- Joey: Dude! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I can’t talk to you now, I gotta find Monica! [line_index=1]
- Joey: She’s gone. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=3]
- Joey: She’s gone. She had a bag and she left. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: What are you talking about? [line_index=5]
- Joey: She was all crying. She-she said you guys want different things, and that and that she needed time to think. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Well why didn’t you stop her?! Why didn’t you just tell her it was a plan?! [line_index=7]
- Joey: I-I did! I told her everything, Chandler! But she wouldn’t believe me. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Well where… Where did she go? [line_index=9]
- Joey: To her parent’s I think and she said you shouldn’t call her. But if I were you I would. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: I can’t believe I ruined this. [line_index=11]
- Joey: I am so sorry man. [line_index=12]

## Scene s06e25_sc61 | The Hallway
Description: He walks dejectedly into his apartment to find it lit with about a thousand candles and Monica standing in the living room.

- Monica: You wanted it to be a surprise. [line_index=0]

## Scene s06e25_sc62 | The Hallway
Description: He turns to look at Joey who smiles slyly and closes the door leaving them alone.

- Chandler: Oh my God. [line_index=0]

## Scene s06e25_sc63 | The Hallway
Description: Monica gets down on one knee.

- Monica: Chandler… In all my life… I never thought I would be so lucky. As to…fall in love with my best…my best… There’s a reason why girls don’t do this! [line_index=0; stage=Starting to cry.]
- Chandler: Okay! Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought… Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you’ll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me? [line_index=1; stage=He joins her on one knee Starting to cry, pauses Pause Pause Starting to cry again. Pause as he gets out the ring.]
- Monica: Yes. [line_index=2]

## Scene s06e25_sc64 | The Hallway
Description: The crowd goes wild as he puts the ring on her finger. They hug and kiss this time as an engaged couple.

- Monica: I knew you were likely to take a wife! [line_index=0]

## Scene s06e25_sc65 | They hug again
Description: They hug again.

- Joey: Can we come it yet?! We’re dying out here! [line_index=0; emotions=anger; stage=yelling through the door]
- Monica: Come in! Come in! We’re engaged!!! [line_index=1; stage=Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe burst through the door.]

## Scene s06e25_sc66 | They hug again
Description: Everyone screams and has a group hug.

- Rachel: Ohhh, this is the least jealous I’ve ever been! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh no wait no, this is wrong! Ross isn’t here! [line_index=1]
- Monica: Oh… [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh hell, he’s done this three times! He knows what its about! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Yeah! [line_index=4]

## Scene s06e25_sc67 | They all hug again
Description: They all hug again.


## Scene s06e25_sc68 | Monica
Description: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, it’s just Monica and Chandler dancing to Wonderful Tonight on the Slowhand album by Eric Clapton. And you can buy that album from the CFSI, just click on the CDNow link.
