---
episode_id: s07e12
title: The One Where They’re Up All Night
season: 7
episode: 12
---

# S07E12 The One Where They’re Up All Night

## Scene s07e12_sc01 | The Building’s Roof
Description: The Building’s Roof, the entire gang plus Tag are there to look for a comet. They’re looking for a comet on a roof of a New York apartment building. Yeah, that’s realistic. You might as well look for the moon on a bright sunny day.

- Monica: Ross, when’s this comet thing start? [line_index=0; stage=looking up]
- Ross: Well, technically it seven billion years ago… [line_index=1; stage=Well, technically you’d be able to see it for days, well nights; that is if you could see it with all of the bright lights of New York.]
- All: Oh no! Oh no! [line_index=2; stage=groaning They all start to get up a leave.]
- Ross: Okay! Okay! Fine, I’ll stop! No teaching, okay? We’ll just watch the pretty light streaking across the sky. Okay? Who’s official name is Bapstein-King. [line_index=3; stage=Comets don’t streak across the sky, meteors do.]
- All: Okay! Okay! [line_index=4; stage=They start to leave again.]
- Phoebe: There it is! Oh, look at that! Isn’t Mother Nature amazing? [line_index=5; stage=looking up]
- Chandler: That’s a plane! [line_index=6; stage=looking up with her]
- Phoebe: Well, all right. 1700 bags of peanuts flying that high, that’s pretty amazing too. [line_index=7]
- Tag: Hey, I wonder if you can see my apartment from up here. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: No. No, you can’t. [line_index=9]
- Tag: What? [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Oh I don’t-I don’t know. [line_index=11]
- Ross: Man, look at all those stars! Infinite space. It really, really makes you wonder, doesn’t it? [line_index=12; stage=Yeah, you can see what? Five of them from the city?]
- Joey: Y’know what else makes you wonder? [line_index=13; stage=looking through his binoculars at a nearby building]
- Ross: Huh? [line_index=14]
- Joey: Check out the rack on this chick! [line_index=15; stage=Turns around to point it out to Ross and finds that Ross is glaring at him. So he quickly puts his binoculars to his eyes and starts looking for the comet.]

## Scene s07e12_sc02 | The Roof
Description: The Roof, continued from earlier.

- Monica: Okay, we’ve been out here for two hours and we haven’t seen any stupid comets. Can we go now? I mean, Chandler’s getting chilly. [line_index=0; stage=She walks over to where Chandler is bundled up in a big coat and shivering.]
- Chandler: No, I’m not! [line_index=1; stage=with a quivering voice]
- Joey: Then why are you wearing Monica’s jacket? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Because it’s flattering! Come on Monica! Come on Monica! [line_index=3; stage=Shivers harder He goes inside.]
- Rachel: Yeah actually, I think we’re gonna take off too. We rented a movie. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Oh! I won’t say, ‘no’ to a movie! [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Uh Pheebs, we just actually kinda wanted to be alone. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Shh! Get me out of here. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Oh. [line_index=8; stage=They leave, leaving just Joey and Ross.]
- Joey: Ross! [line_index=9; stage=whispering]
- Ross: What? [line_index=10]
- Joey: Come here, check this out! [line_index=11]
- Ross: What? Is it the comet? [line_index=12; stage=Runs over to where Joey’s standing.]
- Joey: No! No-no. Look, there’s a bug stuck in tar right here. [line_index=13; stage=Bends down to get a closer look.]
- Ross: Joey come—I can’t believe—I bring you here to see the Bapstein-King comet, one of nature’s most spectacular phenomenon, and all you care about are bugs stuck in tar and-and some woman! [line_index=14]
- Joey: Y’know, there’s two women dude. [line_index=15; stage=standing up]
- Ross: Show me where? [line_index=16]
- Joey: Right-right up here. [line_index=17; stage=Starts looking at them through a piece of pipe.]
- Ross: Joey where’s the pipe that was holding the door open? [line_index=18; stage=noticing the pipe and looking at the door]
- Joey: I don’t know! Yeah, I do. [line_index=19; stage=annoyed Goes back to looking through the pipe. Pause]
- Ross: Joey! [line_index=20]
- Joey: What?! All right—Hey! Don’t look at me! You’re the one who wanted to come up and look for some stupid Burger King comet! [line_index=21]
- Ross: It’s called the Bapstein-King comet, okay? Hey! Hey! Bapstein was a very well respected astronomer! [line_index=22; stage=Joey starts to groan.]
- Joey: Oh no! No! No! [line_index=23; emotions=anger; stage=covering his ears and yelling He starts banging on the door.]

## Scene s07e12_sc03 | Monica and Chandler’s bedroom
Description: Monica and Chandler’s bedroom, Monica is sleeping and Chandler’s sitting in bed, wide awake.

- Chandler: Monica! [line_index=0; stage=whispering]
- Monica: She’s sleeping. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I know, just quick-quick question, quick question. Which one was Deep Impact and which one was Armageddon ? [line_index=2]
- Monica: Deep Impact was the one with Robert Duval, Armageddon is what’s going to happen to you if you wake me up. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Sorry, I just…can’t sleep. Ooh! Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I’m like… [line_index=4; stage=Turns on the light and Monica groans. Fake snores.]
- Monica: It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: What?! Ow! [line_index=6; stage=Monica kicks him in the shin. He gets out of bed and heads into the living room.]

## Scene s07e12_sc04 | Phoebe's apartment
Description: Phoebe's apartment, there is a beeping noise coming from the living room and Phoebe sleepily goes to investigate.

- Phoebe: Please don’t be a space ship. Please don’t be a space ship. Oh thank God! How could you be beeping?! I just disconnected you! I took out your battery! How can… [line_index=0; stage=crossing her fingers and closing her eyes She turns on the light and looks around and finds that it’s the smoke detector that’s beeping. She moves a chair over and starts to investigate how to make the beeping turn off, in frustration she yanks the thing off of the wall. She sets it down and heads for bed, just as she gets there it beeps again. She opens the cover and removes the battery, but it still beeps.]
- Phoebe: Don’t interrupt me!! [line_index=1]

## Scene s07e12_sc05 | The Roof
Description: The Roof, Ross and Joey are banging on the door.

- Ross: Rachel!! Monica!! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Come on! [line_index=1]

## Scene s07e12_sc06 | The Roof
Description: Ross gets fed up with Joey’s banging and stops him by pulling him away from the door.

- Ross: I can’t believe this!! [line_index=0]
- Joey: All right well, y’know…I guess we know what we have to do to get down. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Yeah, I guess we don’t have a choice. Help us! Please help us! We’re stuck up on the roof and we can’t get down!!! [line_index=2; stage=standing at the edge of the roof Screaming to the street]
- Joey: Ross. I was thinking we could just go down the fire escape. [line_index=3; stage=Points it out.]
- Ross: I know, I wasn’t finished. But don’t worry! We’re gonna go down the fire escape!! [line_index=4; emotions=anger; stage=To Joey Joey motions him to finish. Yelling at the street]

## Scene s07e12_sc07 | Monica and Chandler's kitchen
Description: Monica and Chandler's kitchen, Chandler has a jug of milk in his hands and decides to make some warm milk. He opens up the cabinet to get a pot and manages to knock several other pots onto the floor making a lot of noise.

- Chandler: Shhhhhhhhh!!! I’m sorry, I thought maybe I’d make some warm milk and it would help me sleep. [line_index=0; stage=Monica enters]
- Monica: With a wok? I thought you were going to read my boring book to put you asleep. [line_index=1; stage=Chandler’s holding a wok.]
- Chandler: It got interesting! Damn you Oprah! [line_index=2]
- Monica: Here, let me make the milk, I’m up anyway. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Hey, y’know what we can do? Y’know, now that we are up? We can just like talk to each other all night long, y’know like we did when we were first going out. It’d be fun! [line_index=4]
- Monica: Okay that does sound like fun. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Okay, so how bummed were you when the second sister died huh? [line_index=6]
- Monica: The second sister dies?! [line_index=7]
- Chandler: No. No, I-I was, I was talking about the book I was reading. [line_index=8; stage=Pause]
- Monica: The second sister dies in Archie and Jughead Double Digest ? [line_index=9]
- Chandler: That’s correct. [line_index=10]

## Scene s07e12_sc08 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel and Tag are making out on the couch.

- Rachel: You wanna go in the bedroom? It’s a little more comfortable. [line_index=0]
- Tag: Sure. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Okay. Oh wait! Umm, did you send those contracts to Milan? [line_index=2; stage=They start to head for the bedroom]
- Tag: If this is your idea of sexy talk? [line_index=3; stage=Shakes his head that it’s not working.]
- Rachel: No seriously, y’know the contracts I gave you, did you overnight them? [line_index=4]
- Tag: What contracts? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Okay please tell me that this is just one of your jokes that you do that I don’t get. [line_index=6]
- Tag: Like what? [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Y’know, like the thing when you put the phone in your pants? Tag! I’m serious! This isn’t funny! Those contracts absolutely had to go out today! [line_index=8; emotions=joy; stage=He starts laughing.]
- Tag: Rach, I’m sorry, but you didn’t give me any contracts! [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Yes I did! And I put a little Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today," and underlined today three times and, and then I put a little heart in the corner because I didn’t want to seem to bossy. [line_index=10]
- Tag: I’m telling you, you never gave them to me. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Y’know what Tag, if we went down to the office you would see those contracts sitting on your desk. [line_index=12]
- Tag: No, I would see you looking embarrassed because they are not on my desk! [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Or maybe you would see me looking embarrassed because you are talking on the phone with your crotch! [line_index=14]
- Tag: You wanna go down to the office right now? [line_index=15]
- Rachel: No! Come on its late, we’re not gonna go down to the office. [line_index=16]
- Tag: Okay I understand. I wouldn’t want to be proved wrong either. [line_index=17; stage=Sits down.]
- Rachel: Okay get your coat! Oh! When did you unhook this? Nice work! [line_index=18; stage=They get their coats and start to leave. Rachel suddenly stops and sticks the hand up the back of her shirt. Her bra.]

## Scene s07e12_sc09 | The Fire Escape
Description: The Fire Escape, Joey and Ross have reached the last landing. Joey is tugging on the ladder that extends to the ground, but it won’t budge.

- Joey: All right, it won’t go down any further. It’s stuck. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Ugh. Well, we’re just gonna have to jump. Yeah. Now, we’re gonna have to make sure to land to the right of that patch of ice, okay? Not hit the dumpster on the other side and uh, and try to avoid that-that weird brownish red stuff in the middle. So, when you get down there… you go up to the roof and you let me in. [line_index=1; stage=Joey looks at him.]
- Joey: Oh whoa-whoa wait a minute! I have to do it?! [line_index=2]
- Ross: Yeah! Oh yeah, you’ll be fine! It-it’ll be uh, just like bungy jumping. Y’know? But instead of bouncing back up you-you won’t. [line_index=3]
- Joey: What if I smack my head on the concrete? [line_index=4]
- Ross: Well, I’m gonna lie to you Joey, it’s a possibility. [line_index=5]
- Joey: I don’t know Ross! I-I tell you what, let’s flip to see who does it, okay? You-you call it in the air, all right? [line_index=6; stage=looks at the ground and at Ross]
- Ross: Oh, all right. Tails! Can you-can you see what it is? [line_index=7; stage=Joey flips the coin. The coin bounces off of the landing above them and falls to the ground.]
- Joey: No. [line_index=8]
- Ross: Okay. Well, you be careful. [line_index=9]
- Joey: What? No! No Ross! No-no! Stop! I’m not jumping! Okay, look I have an audition tomorrow and I can’t go if I break my leg. [line_index=10]
- Ross: Well I’m jumping! I have a son! Okay? He won’t have a father if-if I die! [line_index=11]
- Joey: Well all right so, it looks like we’re even! [line_index=12]

## Scene s07e12_sc10 | Phoebe's apartment
Description: Phoebe's apartment, Phoebe is still investigating the smoke detector trying to figure out how to stop the beeping.

- Phoebe: Okay. So, this wire is connected to this wire which plugs into here. Okay so, to get the beeping to stop all I have to do… Well done, Pheebs. What do you want from me ?!!!!!!! [line_index=0; emotions=anger; stage=She points at each as she says it. She picks up a shoe and proceeds to pummel the smoke detector. She then gets up and heads to bed, stops, quickly turns around, and is satisfied that the beeping has stopped. She resumes her trek to bed, but is stopped at the entrance to the hallway by the now steady and extremely loud tone emanating from the smoke detector. Yelling.]

## Scene s07e12_sc11 | Monica and Chandler's bedroom
Description: Monica and Chandler's bedroom, Monica is entering with a mug.

- Monica: Okay, here’s your milk. What do you want to talk about? [line_index=0; stage=She sees that Chandler has fallen asleep and slams the door loudly to wake him up.]
- Chandler: What? What? What? [line_index=1; stage=startled]
- Monica: Ohh! Ohhhh! Were you sleeping sweetie? I’m sorry. Here. [line_index=2; stage=Hands the mug of milk to him.]

## Scene s07e12_sc12 | Rachel’s Outer Office
Description: Rachel’s Outer Office, Tag and her are arriving.

- Tag: Okay! Feel free to look, but I’m telling you those contracts are not on this desk. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Oh how can you possibly know? Look at this mess, Tag! I mean, this is what I’m talking about! You have to be organized! You’ve got newspapers! You’ve got magazines! You got—Ohh! And who is this chippy? A little young for you Tag, but whatever. [line_index=1; stage=Finds a picture.]
- Tag: It’s my sister. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Okay, very cute braces. Anyway y’know what, the point is Tag, start looking because you are going to find those contracts on your desk. [line_index=3; stage=She goes into her office.]
- Tag: So when do you imagine you gave them to me? In the morning or in the afternoon? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: In the afternoon. Mr. Zelner came into my office after lunch. He put them on my desk, and then I put a Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today." So you just keep looking in there! All right? [line_index=5; stage=Looks down onto her desk and finds the folder with the Post-It on it that contains the contracts she imagined she gave Tag]

## Scene s07e12_sc13 | Rachel’s outer office
Description: Rachel’s outer office, Tag has finished searching his desk and Rachel comes out to try to plant the folder on the desk.

- Tag: It’s not here. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Puzzler. A bit of a puzzle. Why don’t you um, check the copy room, maybe you left the contracts in there? [line_index=1]
- Tag: How could I have left them in the copy room? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: I don’t know Tag! How can your genitals make phone calls? Okay? It’s not a perfect world! Just go please. [line_index=3]
- Tag: Fine. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Thank you. Hello? I still don’t get it. [line_index=5; stage=He leaves and she proceeds to plant the folder in his bottom drawer. She then picks up the phone and holds it to her breasts. Hangs up the phone.]

## Scene s07e12_sc14 | Monica and Chandler's bedroom
Description: Monica and Chandler's bedroom, Chandler has his eyes closed, while Monica is fully awake.

- Monica: Are you still awake? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Yeah! You? [line_index=1]
- Monica: You do know that was me who just said that right? Hey. As long as we’re both up… [line_index=2; stage=He doesn’t respond and she turns on the light, waking him.]
- Chandler: Yeah? I hope you’re not thinking about cleaning the living room. [line_index=3; stage=intrigued Monica nods yes.]

## Scene s07e12_sc15 | The fire escape
Description: The fire escape, Joey and Ross are still trying to figure out how to get down.

- Joey: Man, I’m starving! What the hell was I thinking at dinner?! "Do you want soup or salad?" Both! Always order both! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Y’know, y’know I’m lookin’ and I don’t think anyone’s home here. I say we just break the window, crawl through, and-and y’know explain later. [line_index=1; stage=looking in the window behind them]
- Joey: Yeah? Really? No one’s home? [line_index=2]
- Ross: I don’t think so. Hello? When you get in there… [line_index=3; emotions=anger; stage=Knocks on the glass, which angers the big, large, angry dog behind the glass and causes them to jump to the other side of the landing. Joey nods his disapproval.]

## Scene s07e12_sc16 | Phoebe’s apartment building
Description: Phoebe’s apartment building, in desperation she has wrapped up the smoke detector in a blanket and is going to throw it into the trash chute.

- Phoebe: Okay, this is where you and I part ways. Noisy bitch! [line_index=0; stage=She drops the blanket into the chute.]

## Scene s07e12_sc17 | Monica and Chandler's bedroom
Description: Monica and Chandler's bedroom, Chandler is turning on the light to awaken a now sleeping Monica.

- Monica: What?! What are you doing?! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Do you know what just happened? [line_index=1]
- Monica: Yeah. We-we had sex and then we fell asleep. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: No. We were in the middle of sex…and you fell asleep. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Nooo! No, that’s not true. No, best time ever! Yeah, you rocked me world! [line_index=4; stage=She turns out the light to go back to sleep.]
- Chandler: Monica? [line_index=5; stage=turning the light back on]
- Monica: What?! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: I was giving you some of my best moves, and you missed it. So please wake up so we can do it right! [line_index=7]
- Monica: Okay. Okay, I’m ready. Come on big fella! [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Okay. [line_index=9]
- Monica: Give me the good stuff. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Yeah! No! No! No! Don’t fall asleep! Okay, I am going to make you some coffee. And I probably won’t spill coffee grounds all over the kitchen floor. [line_index=11; stage=Monica falls asleep Monica doesn’t move as he gets out of bed and as he’s heading for the door.]
- Monica: Okay, I’m up! I’m up! [line_index=12]

## Scene s07e12_sc18 | Rachel’s outer office
Description: Rachel’s outer office, she’s returning with two coffee cups in hand to find Tag sitting there.

- Rachel: Hi! I got you some coffee. To, uh… …fair enough. So! Do you got anything for me? [line_index=0; stage=She looks for a place to set it on his messy desk and he clears a spot for her to set it down.]
- Tag: Still no luck. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh my God! Did you check your entire desk! Did you check all the drawers! [line_index=2]
- Tag: Do you want me to check again? [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Well yeah, I wish that you would. Well, no it’s not in there! How about that drawer? [line_index=4; stage=He opens the top drawer. Closes it. She points to the bottom one and he opens it. She doesn’t see the folder she planted and bends over to check.]
- Tag: Well, it’s not out here. Is there any chance it could be in your office? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Y’know, I don’t-I don’t know. Let me, let me check. [line_index=6; stage=thinks As she heads for her office, she stops glances over her should at Tag, looks into her office, and finds the folder on her desk.]
- Tag: Any luck? [line_index=7; stage=smirking]
- Rachel: Can I see you in my office for a minute? [line_index=8]
- Tag: Yeah? You found them!! Y’know what? I’m not even going to gloat. I’m just really relived this whole thing is over. [line_index=9; stage=entering She holds up the folder Rachel is not amused, because she’s still going to try to blame him for her mistake like every ‘good’ boss.]
- Rachel: You put these on my desk! [line_index=10]
- Tag: I did not! [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Oh really? So you’re saying they just slid out of your bottom drawer, crawled across the floor, then jumped on to my desk?! [line_index=12; stage=I think Dogbert should have a line here.]
- Tag: How did you know they were in my bottom drawer? [line_index=13]
- Rachel: I am so hot for you right now. [line_index=14; stage=pause as she realizes her lame attempt to shift the blame has failed]

## Scene s07e12_sc19 | Phoebe's apartment
Description: Phoebe's apartment, there is someone pounding on the door and Phoebe sleepily walks over and answers it. As she nears the door, the pounding stops and she can hear the smoke detector’s wail.

- Phoebe: Oh my God! How did you get back here?! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Fire alarm? Oh! Hi, officer—fireman, can-can I help you? [line_index=1; stage=scared She opens the door to reveal a fireman holding the blanket with the smoke detector.]
- The Fireman: We found your fire alarm in the trash chute. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: That’s not mine. [line_index=3]
- The Fireman: Yes it is. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: How do you know? [line_index=5]
- The Fireman: The next time you want to dump a fire alarm in a trash chute, don’t wrap it in a blanket that says, "Property of Phoebe Buffay not Monica." [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Okay do you—Okay, do you have a search warrant? Because the last time I checked this was still America! [line_index=7]
- The Fireman: Please reattach this, it’s against the law to disconnect them. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Fine! But please God; tell me how to stop them from going off! [line_index=9; stage=She takes the blanket.]
- The Fireman: There’s a reset button under the plastic cover. [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: There’s a reset button?! Ugh, thank you! Thank you! There’s a reset button! My God! Why didn’t I see that! Reset button, reset button, where is there a reset button? Oh here it is! Oh! Ohh, God! [line_index=11; stage=He exits and she goes to shut it off. She takes off the plastic cover and looks for the button. Finds it. Picks it up off of the floor. She presses it hard, but of course it would help if the button was still attached to the detector. In frustration she presses it so hard it causes pain in her thumb.]

## Scene s07e12_sc20 | The fire escape
Description: The fire escape, Joey is now hanging off of the bottom rung of the ladder that won’t move and Ross is watching from above.

- Ross: Okay, do-do you have a good grip? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Yeah! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Okay, I’m going to start climb down you now. [line_index=2]
- Joey: All right! Just hurry up! [line_index=3]
- Ross: Okay. Now-now-now should I climb down your front so we’re face to face or-or should I climb down your back so we’re-we’re butt to face. [line_index=4]
- Joey: I think face to face. [line_index=5]
- Ross: I would say that. [line_index=6]
- Joey: Face to face, yeah! [line_index=7]
- Ross: Okay, here I go. [line_index=8]
- Joey: All right. [line_index=9]

## Scene s07e12_sc21 | The fire escape
Description: Ross steps onto the bottom rung of the ladder and then steps on Joey’s chest.

- Joey: Oh my… How much do you weigh Ross?! [line_index=0; stage=grunting]
- Ross: I prefer not to answer that right now, I’m still carrying a little holiday weight. [line_index=1]

## Scene s07e12_sc22 | The fire escape
Description: Ross continues to climb down. He puts his other foot further down on Joey’s torso, but that doesn’t work very well and he’s forced to wrap his legs around Joey. Which then forces Joey to get a nice and close view of Ross’s crotch.

- Joey: Y’know, when we talked about face to face, I don’t think we thought it all the way through. [line_index=0]
- Ross: So what do you want me to do? [line_index=1]
- Joey: Well, just shimmy down me and drop! [line_index=2]

## Scene s07e12_sc23 | The fire escape
Description: Ross continues his trek south, and when they get face to face.

- Ross: Hi. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Hi. [line_index=1]
- Ross: M-maybe I should hang and you can climb down me. [line_index=2; stage=looking down]
- Joey: Yeah? Maybe we should talk about that for a little while! [line_index=3; stage=angrily]
- Ross: It’s still looks pretty far! [line_index=4]
- Joey: It’s not that far! Just drop! [line_index=5]
- Ross: Do not rush me!! [line_index=6]

## Scene s07e12_sc24 | The fire escape
Description: Ross continues south and his now wrapped around Joey’s legs.

- Joey: Ross, you should know that my pants are startin’ to come down and I’m not wearing any underwear! [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e12_sc25 | The fire escape
Description: Ross panics and falls off, dropping to the ground with a huge crash.

- Ross: Oww!! My ankle! I really hurt my ankle! I think I twisted it when I—Ooh, a quarter! [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e12_sc26 | Monica and Chandler's bedroom
Description: Monica and Chandler's bedroom, they’re cuddling.

- Monica: That really was some of your best work. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Hm-hmm, I told you! I can’t believe that I’ve only got two hours before I call in sick for work. [line_index=1; stage=Looks at the clock]
- Monica: I have to be up in seven minutes. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Well, you’re not gonna believe this, but if you have seven minutes… [line_index=3]
- Monica: Really?! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Do you wanna? [line_index=5]
- Monica: Okay! You get the vacuum cleaner and I’ll get the furniture polish! [line_index=6]

## Scene s07e12_sc27 | Monica and Chandler's bedroom
Description: She runs off leaving a stunned Chandler behind.
