---
episode_id: s07e15
title: The One With Joey’s New Brain
season: 7
episode: 15
---

# S07E15 The One With Joey’s New Brain

## Scene s07e15_sc01 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica and Chandler's, Monica, Chandler, Ross, and Rachel are sitting around the table.

- Monica: I’m glad you’re here, we have a couple of things to ask you about the wedding ceremony. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Ohh… [line_index=1; stage=starting to cry]
- Ross: What’s the matter? You okay? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Yeah, it’s just y’know… [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Monica said wedding. [line_index=4; stage=To Ross]
- Monica: Uh, so anyway, we thought one of you could read something during the ceremony. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Oh! I would love to read a poem. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Do you think you could get through a poem? [line_index=7]
- Rachel: It’ll be a short one. [line_index=8; emotions=sadness; stage=crying]
- Monica: Okay, so Ross will be doing the reading. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Ohhh… [line_index=10]
- Ross: Okay. Yeah, I guess, I guess I could do that too. [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Too? [line_index=12]
- Ross: Yeah, I kind of uh, have something else planned for you guys. [line_index=13]
- Monica: Do you mind telling us what it is? [line_index=14]
- Ross: Sorry, I’m kinda keeping this one on the Q.T. [line_index=15]
- Chandler: Well, whatever it is, I hope it involves winking. [line_index=16; stage=Winks in a spy-type manner.]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=17; emotions=joy; stage=entering, excited]
- All: Hey! [line_index=18]
- Joey: So I just talked to one of the DOOL writers today, and… [line_index=19]
- Monica: What is DOOL? [line_index=20]
- Joey: Days Of Our Lives . Anyway, you’re not gonna believe it! My character is coming out of his coma!! [line_index=21]
- All: Oh!! [line_index=22]
- Chandler: That’s great! [line_index=23]
- Joey: And-and-and not only that, I’m gettin’ a new brain!! [line_index=24]
- Chandler: So great things are happening at work and in your personal life! [line_index=25]
- Rachel: Wait, what do you mean you’re getting a new brain? [line_index=26]
- Joey: Oh well, they’re killing off one of the characters on the show, and when she dies her brain is being transplanted into my body. [line_index=27]
- Ross: What? A brain transplant?! [line_index=28]
- Joey: Yes, it’s a highly controversial procedure. [line_index=29; stage=seriously]
- Ross: It’s ridiculous! [line_index=30]
- Joey: Well, I think it’s ridiculous that you haven’t had sex in three and a half months. [line_index=31]
- Ross: It’s winter, they are fewer people on the street. [line_index=32; stage=to Monica and Rachel Rachel and Monica smile and nod, knowingly.]
- Monica: Who are they killing off? [line_index=33]
- Joey: Uh Cecilia Monroe, she plays Jessica Lockhart. [line_index=34]
- Monica: She’s my favorite character on DOOL. [line_index=35]
- Joey: Nice. [line_index=36]
- Rachel: She is so good at throwing drinks in people’s faces, I mean I don’t think I’ve ever seen her finish a beverage. [line_index=37]
- Monica: And the way she slaps all the time! [line_index=38]
- Rachel: Oh! [line_index=39]
- Monica: Wouldn’t you love to do it just once?! [line_index=40; stage=Raises her hand towards Chandler.]
- Chandler: Don’t do it. [line_index=41]
- Rachel: Cecilia Monroe man, what a great actress. [line_index=42]
- Joey: Oh, tell me about it. And she’s been on the show forever, it’s gonna be really hard to fill her shoes. [line_index=43]
- Ross: Yeah-yeah, help me out here, when you come out of the "brain transplant," you are going to be her? [line_index=44]
- Joey: Yes, but in Drake Remoray’s body. Why is this so hard for you to get? I thought you were a scientist! [line_index=45; stage=Ross laughs unbelievably.]

## Scene s07e15_sc02 | Phoebe and Rachel sitting on the couch in Central Perk
Description: Phoebe and Rachel sitting on the couch in Central Perk

- Phoebe: Rach, so, that guy there. Straight or gay? [line_index=0; stage=Clears Throat]
- Rachel: Well, I'd have to say gay. [line_index=1; stage=They both look behind them.]
- Phoebe: Yeah? Why? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Well mainly because he's kissing that other guy. [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Oh no not that guy there. That guy right there. [line_index=4; stage=Pointing to an attractive man sitting at a table behind them.]
- Rachel: Oh yeah he's too cute to be straight. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Ohh knockers will help us figure it out. [line_index=6; stage=A woman with large breasts walks in the door She walks by and he checks her out.]
- Rachel: All right, straight, and not subtle. [line_index=7; stage=The man gets up and leaves.]
- Phoebe: Ohh, he left his cell phone. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Oh, well, we can hand it to Gunther and he'll put it in lost and found. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Or we could use it to call China. See how those guys are doing. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: What if, um, if he calls his own cell phone to find out who found it and I answer and we start talking and we fell in love. I mean wouldn't that be a great story? Kind of like a fairy tale for the digital age. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Yeah… That does sound great. I'm going to get the phone. [line_index=12; stage=They both get up.]
- Rachel: What? Wait! Why…why do you get the story? [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: I don't know. I haven't been out on a date in so long. [line_index=14]
- Rachel: Phoebe, you had a date three days ago. [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: That wasn’t a date! That was, that was just friends getting together… having sex. [line_index=16; stage=quietly]
- Rachel: Okay. Okay, see? I get the phone. [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: No way! No way! You just broke with Tag a week ago. [line_index=18]
- Rachel: Yeah! And until now, I didn’t think I’d love again. [line_index=19; stage=Breaking up]
- Phoebe: Nice try. [line_index=20]
- Rachel: Oh hey-hey wait! How do we fairly decide who gets the phone? [line_index=21]
- Phoebe: I don’t know. [line_index=22]

## Scene s07e15_sc03 | Phoebe and Rachel sitting on the couch in Central Perk
Description: They edge closer to the phone on the table.

- Rachel: Well umm, maybe we could uhh… Ah-ha! Too slow!! [line_index=0; stage=Grabs the phone]

## Scene s07e15_sc04 | Phoebe and Rachel sitting on the couch in Central Perk
Description: She holds the phone out and starts taunting Phoebe. Phoebe calming knocks the phone out of Rachel’s hand and catches it.

- Phoebe: Ah-ha! Too cocky! [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e15_sc05 | Silvercup Studios
Description: Silvercup Studios, Joey is watching Jessica Lockhart perform a scene.

- Dina: I’m going to keep dating him Mother, and there’s nothing you can do about it! [line_index=0]
- Jessica Lockhart: Oh yes there is! [line_index=1]
- Dina: What are you going to do? Kill him? Like you did with Charles?! [line_index=2]
- Jessica Lockhart: That was an accident! And so were you. [line_index=3; stage=gasps]
- Dina: Well, at least I’m not a murderer! [line_index=4; stage=Jessica slaps her.]
- Jessica Lockhart: Oh, my baby! [line_index=5; emotions=sadness; stage=crying Hugs Dina, but moves Dina’s head to her other shoulder so that she’s the only one in the picture.]
- The Director: Cut! [line_index=6]

## Scene s07e15_sc06 | Silvercup Studios
Description: Joey walks up to Cecilia Monroe who plays Jessica.

- Joey: That was a great scene! And-and-and that slap looks so real! How do you do that? [line_index=0]
- Cecilia: Oh, just years of experience. [line_index=1]
- Dina: Can I get some ice here?! [line_index=2; emotions=sadness; stage=crying]
- Joey: Oh anyway, I just wanted to say how wonderful I think you are. [line_index=3]
- Cecilia: You’re not the fan who’s dying are you? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Say what? [line_index=5]
- Cecilia: I’m supposed to meet and hug a fan whose dying, but that’s not supposed to be until later! [line_index=6; stage=to no one in particular]
- Joey: No. No, I’m Joey Tribbiani; we did a scene together yesterday. I-I’m the guy in the coma! [line_index=7]
- Cecilia: Oh that was a real person?! [line_index=8]
- Joey: An-an-anyway I-I just wanted to say that since I’m getting your brain when you leave the show, I was wondering if there was any tips you can give me… [line_index=9]
- Cecilia: I-I-I’m leaving the show? [line_index=10]
- Joey: I don’t know. Why? Did you hear something? [line_index=11; stage=quickly]
- Cecilia: Who told you that? [line_index=12]
- Joey: Oh uh, one of the writers. [line_index=13]
- Cecilia: Which one? Was it bald or was it tall? [line_index=14]
- Joey: Umm… [line_index=15]
- Cecilia: Y’know what? It doesn’t matter! Because it is not true! [line_index=16]
- Joey: Okay. [line_index=17]
- Cecilia: And if it were true, how dare you come to me ask me for tips about a character that I’ve been playing for 20 years—I’ll give you a tip! [line_index=18]

## Scene s07e15_sc07 | Silvercup Studios
Description: She throws her drink in his face.

- Joey: Ms. Monroe… Oh there you go. [line_index=0; stage=She slaps him She storms off, leaving Joey standing next to Dina. They share a nod at the ferocity of the slap they just received.]

## Scene s07e15_sc08 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe and Rachel are still arguing over the phone.

- Rachel: No Phoebe! You cannot get the phone that way; that’s not fair! Okay look, I have an idea. Why don’t we, why don’t we see what kind of number he has on his speed dial, and then from that we can tell who has more in common with him. And then whoever does gets the phone. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Or, we can decide by whose ever name is closer to the word phone. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I don’t think so. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Fine all right, but I’d bet you’d be singing another tune if we were fighting over a ratchet. [line_index=3; stage=handing Rachel the phone]
- Rachel: All right, first name on the speed dial is mom. [line_index=4; stage=checking the speed dial]
- Phoebe: Ohh, I lost my mom to suicide. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Okay no way, you cannot use that to get the cute guy and the last blueberry muffin. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Did I use that already today? I’m sorry. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Yes okay. Well now see this isn’t telling us anything. Joe. Carlos. Peter. Ooh! Peter Luger! T hat’s a steak house! [line_index=8; stage=Checking the speed dial again. Reading the speed dial]
- Phoebe: Okay, a meat eater. Fine, that’s one for you. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Oh, I win! He’s got Barney’s on his speed dial. [line_index=10; stage=looking at the speed dial]
- Phoebe: So you don’t know that’s Barney’s the store! That can be y’know his friend’s house, or a bar. Who has Barney’s the store on their speed dial? [line_index=11]
- Rachel: His new girlfriend! [line_index=12; stage=showing Phoebe her phone]

## Scene s07e15_sc09 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica and Chandler's, Monica and Chandler are eating lunch, when they start to hear a horrible screeching noise. It sounds like someone is skinning a cat.

- Monica: What is that? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I think it’s the dying cat parade. [line_index=1]
- Monica: It sounds like it’s coming from across the street. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Oh my God! [line_index=3; stage=turning around and looking]
- Monica: What? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Y’know that thing that Ross was gonna do at our wedding?! He was hanging out with me yesterday and he turned to me and said, "You’re half Scottish right?" [line_index=5]
- Monica: Nooo!! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Yes!! [line_index=7]

## Scene s07e15_sc10 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica and Chandler's, scene continued from earlier. They both get up and move to the window.

- Monica: No, there is no way! It can not be Ross! Unbelievable! Why is your family Scottish?! [line_index=0; stage=She looks through the window and sees Ross practicing and fumbling around with the pipes.]
- Chandler: Why is your family Ross ?! [line_index=1]
- Monica: He cannot play at our wedding! I mean everyone will leave! I mean come on, that is just noise! It’s not even a song! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: If you listen very carefully, I think its Celebration by Cool and the Gang . [line_index=3]

## Scene s07e15_sc11 | Phoebe's apartment
Description: Phoebe's apartment, Phoebe is putting out some Sunflower seeds as Rachel enters.

- Rachel: Hi Pheebs! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Hi! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: How are ya? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Good. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Umm Pheebs, remember when we were in the coffee house we decided that I was going to keep the uh, the cute guy’s cell phone? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Yeah. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: And remember how I said I was going to keep it in my purse so that if it rang I could just pick it up? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Yeah! [line_index=7]
- Rachel: And do you remember going into my purse and stealing the phone?! [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Ooh, now you lost me. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: You stole the phone! [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: No I didn’t! [line_index=11]
- Rachel: No? So you’re saying that if I called it, it wouldn’t ring? [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: No. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Umm, okay. But while you dial, let me show you the features of my new ringing handbag. Oh, it does work! [line_index=14; stage=Rachel dials her phone and Phoebe’s bag starts to ring. Rachel grabs the phone and takes it out of Phoebe’s handbag.]
- Rachel: Phoebe! [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: That is a different phone. [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Oh is it?! Uhh, hello? Yes hi, is Rachel there? Yes she is, just one moment please. It’s for me! [line_index=17; stage=She answers the cute guy’s phone. On her phone On the other phone To Phoebe, holding out both phones.]
- Phoebe: That is damning evidence. [line_index=18]

## Scene s07e15_sc12 | Phoebe's apartment
Description: The cute guy’s phone rings.

- Rachel: Oh my God! I bet that’s him. My digital fairy tale is about to begin. I wonder how I should be? Should I be uh Hello? Or should I be Hi! It’s Rach… Would you stop doing that?! [line_index=0; stage=In a sexy voice Happily Phoebe knocks the phone out of Rachel’s hand, catches it, and answers it.]
- Phoebe: Hello? Yes, I’m the one who found your phone. [line_index=1; stage=on phone Listens]
- Rachel: Phoebe! You can’t do th… [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Shhh! I’m on a call! Umm well yeah, you can [line_index=3; stage=To Rachel On phone]
- pick it up tonight, say 8: 30? At-at my apartment. It’s umm, it’s umm 5 Morton Street, Apartment 14, umm and then maybe y’know after we can grab a bite to eat or whatever. Okay, well okay I’ll see you then. Bye. [line_index=4; stage=Listens Listens Hangs up.]
- Rachel: You do know that I will be here when he comes over. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Oh? And how will you know what time to come over? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: You just said it! [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Oh. Okay, well I-I was kinda hoping that I would just…be alone y’know to think about my mom and her suicide. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Oh Phoebe! [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: What?! That’s the first time today! [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Ohh! [line_index=11; stage=Exits.]

## Scene s07e15_sc13 | Silvercup Studios
Description: Silvercup Studios, Dina is at the craft services table getting some food as Joey walks up.

- Joey: So you like the nachos uh? Myself I’m partial to… [line_index=0]
- Dina: I’m 16. [line_index=1; stage=interrupting]
- Joey: See you in 2003. [line_index=2; stage=She walks away.]
- Cecilia: You’re absolutely right they are writing me out of the show. They don’t know exactly when it’s going to happen, but apparently going to be very soon and that’s it. [line_index=3; stage=walking up]
- Joey: I’m so sorry. Look, if it was up to me you would never leave the show. [line_index=4]
- Cecilia: Yeah, thanks. [line_index=5]
- Joey: No I mean it! I can’t believe they would do this to you! And to your fans! I mean they are going to be devastated! Heart broken! They love you so much! [line_index=6]
- Cecilia: Oh you’re right. Thank you! What’s your name again? [line_index=7]
- Joey: Joey. [line_index=8]
- Cecilia: Joey, well thank you. That is so sweet. Oh, excuse me. [line_index=9; stage=She throws her drink on a passing writer.]
- The Writer: It wasn’t my decision! [line_index=10]
- Cecilia: I’m having a conversation here! You were saying? [line_index=11; stage=to him To Joey]
- Joey: Uh yeah-ye-ye-ye-ye-ye—l-l-l-l-l-look the-the-the only reason that I, that I came up to you before was because well, I’m really nervous about-about being you. Y’know if you can help me capture the essence of the character. Y’know? Help me keep Jessica alive. Please? [line_index=12]
- Cecilia: All right Joey, I will help you. Not because I-I owe it to this stupid show , but because I owe it to Jessica. [line_index=13]
- Joey: Oh that’s great! Oh thank you so much! [line_index=14]
- Cecilia: You’re so welcome. [line_index=15]
- Joey: Hey! Now, I’ve been watching some tapes, how’s this? "Jessica Lockhart will never step foot in this place again! Ever!!" [line_index=16; stage=In a British accent.]
- Cecilia: Is that supposed to be me? [line_index=17]
- Joey: Yeah. [line_index=18]
- Cecilia: Yeah but Jessica doesn’t have an English accent. [line_index=19]
- Joey: I can do an English accent?! That baby’s going on my resume! [line_index=20; stage=shocked]

## Scene s07e15_sc14 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Monica and Chandler are sitting on the couch. Ross is sitting on the armchair.

- Chandler: Well, I feel like a snack! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Do you want some shortbread? Eh that’s Scottish like you are. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Oh no thanks. I don’t like any thing from my Scottish heritage. [line_index=2]
- Ross: What?! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Well it’s just my entire family was run out of Scotland by…Vikings. Anyway, lots of bad memories. [line_index=4; stage=Makes a few unintelligible noises.]
- Ross: Oh well, it sounds to me like your family is ready to uh, rediscover its Scottish roots. [line_index=5]
- Monica: No! No-no they’re not. They’re still very angry! But y’know Chandler is also half-Swedish. You know what the Swedish people are famous for? Sitting down and being quiet. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Well yeah-yeah the Scottish history is so much more… [line_index=7]
- Monica: You can not play bagpipes at the wedding!! [line_index=8; stage=interrupting]
- Ross: How did you know about that?! [line_index=9]
- Chandler: We heard you play all the way from your apartment! [line_index=10]
- Ross: Were you the ones called the cops?! [line_index=11]
- Chandler: That’s not really important right now. What is important is; while we appreciate the gesture, we just don’t feel bagpipes are appropriate for our wedding. [line_index=12]
- Ross: Why not? [line_index=13]
- Chandler: Because we hate them. [line_index=14]
- Ross: Come on that’s not fair! I mean you haven’t even heard me play! [line_index=15]
- Chandler: We have heard you play. [line_index=16]
- Ross: No, you’ve heard my practice. Okay? Just-just give me a chance to perform for you and then decide whatever you want. And I’m not going to tell you what song I’m gonna play either. But uh, let’s just say when it’s over I’ll bet there will be a we bit o’ celebration. [line_index=17]

## Scene s07e15_sc15 | Silvercup Studios
Description: Silvercup Studios, Joey is getting pointers on how to play Jessica Lockhart.

- Cecilia: So, the essence of the character is rooted in her confidence. So, when Jessica enters a room for instance, she owns everything and every person in that room. You try. [line_index=0; stage=Joey is nodding.]
- Joey: Okay! All right! [line_index=1; stage=He scurries out the set door and re-enters, extremely impressed]
- Cecilia: No, he already knows that he owns everything in the room! He’s not finding it out for the first time! So, try it again. [line_index=2]
- Joey: Okay. Okay. [line_index=3; stage=He goes out and comes back in, glaring at everything.]
- Cecilia: Right. He’s not angry at the room either. Try it again, he owns it! He owns the room. It is his. He owns, owns, owns, owns the room! He owns it!! All right, it’s a little weird, but it’s getting better. Oh well, I’m gonna miss this woman so much. I don’t know what I’m going to do! I mean, it’s been 20 years of my life. [line_index=4; stage=Joey gets a snooty look on his face. Joey is pleased.]
- Joey: Oh well—Hey-hey! Maybe, maybe uh, maybe this is a good thing. Y’know? It’ll-it’ll give you a chance to shake things up, play different characters. You’re so talented. [line_index=5]
- Cecilia: I am. I am, but I don’t know you know. An actor of a certain age is not that easy. [line_index=6]
- Joey: Hey that’s not true! Look at uh, look at Angela Lansb—Angelina Jolie! [line_index=7]
- Cecilia: I probably should’ve just left years ago when the offers were pouring in, but y’know I just got so comfy here! And… Ohh, I turned down some amazing work! [line_index=8]
- Joey: Like-like what? [line_index=9]
- Cecilia: Well, let’s just say if I left 15 years ago, the landscape of Mexican cinema would be very different today! [line_index=10]
- Joey: Wow! [line_index=11; stage=impressed]
- Cecilia: But… Well now, now’s a different time for me. [line_index=12; stage=Starts to cry.]
- Joey: Oh hey come on, don’t-don’t-don’t do this! Umm, look let-let me tell you something, okay? Now when I watch you do a scene, I’m thinking, "Boy, she-she is a great actress!" Uh but-but, I am also thinking, "She is hot!" [line_index=13; stage=She’s not buying it.]
- Cecilia: You think I’m hot? [line_index=14; stage=intrigued]
- Joey: You own the room. We should probably get-get uh… [line_index=15; stage=She smiles and stares longingly into his eyes.]
- Cecilia: Oh yeah-yeah, we should get the… So when Jessica kisses a man, she usually puts umm, both her hands on the man’s face. [line_index=16; stage=Pause She does so.]
- Joey: Yeah-yeah, I noticed that! Is that ‘cause she’s so passionate? [line_index=17]
- Cecilia: No! It’s because that way the camera only sees her! Do you wanna try it? [line_index=18; stage=She takes her hands off his face.]
- Joey: Yeah! Okay. [line_index=19; stage=He puts his hands on her face and they kiss.]
- Cecilia: That was good, that was really good. But I-I think your hands maybe a little off, they should be maybe right like… [line_index=20; stage=She grabs the back of his neck and kisses him passionately causing them to fall onto the couch.]

## Scene s07e15_sc16 | Phoebe's apartment
Description: Phoebe's apartment, Phoebe and Rachel are waiting for the cute guy to show up for his cell phone. Rachel is putting on perfume by spraying it ahead of her face, and moving into it. Phoebe tries to steal some.

- Rachel: Hey! Hey! [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e15_sc17 | Phoebe's apartment
Description: There is a knock on the door.


## Scene s07e15_sc18 | Phoebe's apartment
Description: Rachel excitedly jumps up and heads for the door.

- Phoebe: Whoa! Why do you get to answer the door? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Well why shouldn’t I?! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Because it’s my apartment! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Well, then I get to give him the cell phone. [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Okay. All right. Good luck explaining all the calls to China. [line_index=4; stage=Hands her the phone.]

## Scene s07e15_sc19 | Phoebe's apartment
Description: Phoebe opens the door and Tom, an older gentleman with white hair, enters.

- Tom: Hi! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Wow! How long were we arguing for? [line_index=1; stage=To Rachel]
- Rachel: You’re not the man who left the cell phone. [line_index=2; stage=laughs]
- Tom: No that’s my assistant. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Is-is he coming? [line_index=4; stage=Looks hopefully out the door.]
- Tom: Umm, no. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Could you-could you umm, give us one second? [line_index=6]
- Tom: Sure! [line_index=7]
- Rachel: We’ll be right back sir. [line_index=8]
- Tom: Sure. [line_index=9]

## Scene s07e15_sc20 | Phoebe's apartment
Description: They walk into the living room.

- Phoebe: Wh-what do we do? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: I don’t know! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Can you believe this? We were waiting for a hot guy and then an even hotter one shows up! [line_index=2; stage=Rachel exhales in amazement.]
- Rachel: I know! What?! [line_index=3; stage=Realizes what Phoebe said.]
- Phoebe: Hmm, they just don’t make ‘em like that anymore! [line_index=4]
- Rachel: No-no they do but, you just have to wait. [line_index=5; stage=turning and looking at Tom again]
- Phoebe: Rachel, listen—I mean, if you let me have him then I will really owe you one. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: All right. All right Phoebe I will let you have him, but you owe me; you owe me big! [line_index=7; stage=fake disappointment]
- Phoebe: Yeah! You’re such a great friend! [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Ohh… [line_index=9]
- Tom: So, which one of you lovely ladies am I going to take to dinner huh? [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Oh that’d be me. Sir. After you. [line_index=11; stage=Hands him the cell phone.]
- Tom: Okay. Okay. [line_index=12; stage=Exits and Phoebe checks him out.]
- Phoebe: Nice! [line_index=13; stage=whispering]

## Scene s07e15_sc21 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey and Rachel's, Cecilia is entering the living room from Joey’s room followed by Joey.

- Cecilia: Well, you certainly own that room. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Actually I rent the whole place and, I just got what you meant. Thank you. [line_index=1]

## Scene s07e15_sc22 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: She laughs as Rachel enters.

- Rachel: Hi. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=1]

## Scene s07e15_sc23 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Rachel stops dead in her tracks when she sees whom Joey is with.

- Rachel: Oh my God! Oh my God!! Ohh, Jessica Lockhart!! In my apartment!! I am such a huge fan! I am such a huge fan! [line_index=0]
- Cecilia: Well, it’s nice to know that you… [line_index=1]
- Joey: That uh, that is my roommate Rachel. [line_index=2]
- Cecilia: Oh that explains all the women’s underwear. [line_index=3]
- Joey: Sure. Yep. [line_index=4; stage=shrugs]
- Monica: Oh my God! It’s true!! Oh my God you are so amazing! Oh my God, can I just ask you to do me oh, just one favor? [line_index=5; stage=entering with Rachel]
- Cecilia: Certainly. [line_index=6]
- Monica: Would you slap me? Would you slap me right here in the face?! [line_index=7; stage=Points to her cheek.]
- Cecilia: I’d love to, but my lawyer said I can’t do that anymore. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: God. You seem really, really nice. [line_index=9]
- Joey: Okay, bye-bye. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: I mean n-not-not fake at all like most famous people. [line_index=11]
- Joey: All right, here we go. [line_index=12; stage=He grabs them and starts to pull them out of the apartment.]
- Rachel: Okay. [line_index=13]
- Monica: Oh wait, just one more thing! One more minute! Umm, you’re a stupid bitch. [line_index=14; stage=breaks away To Cecilia]
- Cecilia: I really can’t slap you. [line_index=15; stage=Monica walks away angrily]
- Rachel: You are so beautiful. [line_index=16]
- Monica: Nice to meet you! My God you’re great! [line_index=17]
- Joey: Thanks for stopping by. See ya! I-I am so sorry. I… [line_index=18; stage=Throws them out and closes the door. To Cecilia]
- Cecilia: Oh no-no-no-no, being adored. I’m used to it, don’t worry about it. [line_index=19]
- Joey: Oh my God! [line_index=20; stage=notices something in the mail that Rachel brought in]
- Cecilia: What? [line_index=21]
- Joey: They sent me today’s script! They never send the script! [line_index=22]
- Cecilia: They don’t? [line_index=23]
- Joey: Well no, I’m just in a coma. This must mean I have lines! Oh… [line_index=24; stage=Realizes what that means.]
- Cecilia: How does it happen? [line_index=25]
- Joey: Ew, you get thrown from a horse into an electric fence. [line_index=26; stage=flipping to the last page]
- Cecilia: Ah what?! Jessica hates horses! [line_index=27]
- Joey: Yeah well, I’m guessing after this she’s not going to be crazy about electricity either. [line_index=28]

## Scene s07e15_sc24 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica and Chandler's, Rachel, Phoebe, Chandler, and Monica have gathered to hear Ross perform his interpretation of Celebration by Cool and the Gang on the bag pipe.

- Ross: …now remember you have to imagine me in a kilt. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: I can imagine you in a short plaid skirt and knee socks. [line_index=1; stage=giggles To Ross]
- Ross: Do you wanna start telling secrets? [line_index=2; stage=To Rachel]
- Rachel: No! [line_index=3]
- Ross: Now umm, remember I’m still learning. [line_index=4; stage=stands up]

## Scene s07e15_sc25 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: As he prepares to start, he makes several horrible noises that scares Rachel into retreat.

- Ross: One, two, three, four! [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e15_sc26 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: He starts. And well, Celebration was never meant to be played on the bagpipe, so even the best bag pipe players in the world would have trouble with that particular song. So of course, for a beginner like Ross, it sounds absolutely dreadful. The assembled audience minus Phoebe, are horrified. Phoebe, immune to bad music, seems to enjoy it.

- Ross: You know the song! Sing along! [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e15_sc27 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Ross resumes playing, this time accompanied by Phoebe screeching out E’s in tune with Ross. While Phoebe is singing along, Rachel is having a very difficult time keeping a straight face. Thankfully, Ross gives up after a little while.

- Ross: So? [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e15_sc28 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Ross throws the bagpipes down in disgust.


## Scene s07e15_sc29 | Silvercup Studios
Description: Silvercup Studios, a scene is being shot where Dina and Fredrick are celebrating Jessica’s horrible accident by drinking champagne.

- Dina: Loosening the saddle on mother’s horse was brilliant Fredrick. And the electric fence, inspired. [line_index=0]
- Fredrick: Thank you sweetheart. [line_index=1; stage=They clink glasses.]
- Dina: I can’t believe she’s really gone. Look around you, all of this is ours. [line_index=2; stage=They move into kiss but; they’re stopped by Joey entering with a huge bandage wrapped around his head.]
- Joey: I don’t think so. [line_index=3; stage=as Jessica]
- Dina: Who are you?! [line_index=4]
- Jessica Lockhart: What’s the matter Dina? Don’t you recognize your own mother?! [line_index=5; stage=Does a hair flip]
- Cecilia: That was so wonderful! Ohh, I think that you’re a better Jessica than I ever was! [line_index=6; stage=running out to Joey Hugs him]
- Joey: Oh noo… [line_index=7]
- Cecilia: Well of course not, but you were very good. [line_index=8]
- Joey: Thanks! [line_index=9]
- Cecilia: And guess what? Good news! I got another job! [line_index=10]
- Joey: Great! Hey! All right! Well-well what is it?! [line_index=11]
- Cecilia: A film in Guadalajara! [line_index=12]
- Joey: The airport? [line_index=13]
- Cecilia: No that’s La Guardia. This is Mexico. [line_index=14; stage=Joey nods in recognition.]
- Joey: Ohh. Wow! Well how-how, how will you be gone? [line_index=15]
- Cecilia: Eight months. [line_index=16]
- Joey: That’s a really long time. [line_index=17]
- Cecilia: Yeah, but you can come and visit me. I bet that you could uh, own a few places down there. [line_index=18]
- Joey: Well I tell ya, I should probably buy a place in the city first. And I just got what you meant again—That is—I tell ya, that is a tricky one! [line_index=19; stage=Realizes.]
- Cecilia: That is a tricky one. Well, Joey I really wanna thank you. You’ve, well you made a very difficult time for me a little less painful. [line_index=20]
- Joey: Good luck. [line_index=21]
- Cecilia: You too. [line_index=22]

## Scene s07e15_sc30 | Silvercup Studios
Description: They kiss and both put their hands on the other’s face like Jessica would do.


## Scene s07e15_sc31 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica and Chandler's, Rachel, Phoebe, Chandler, and Monica have gathered to hear Ross perform his interpretation of Celebration by Cool and the Gang on the bag pipe. Yes, I typed that earlier. We’re seeing this again, only this time Ross as already started playing.

- Ross: You know the song! Sing along! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Eeee!!! Eee!! Eee!! [line_index=1]
- Matthew Perry: Eee!! [line_index=2; stage=This causes more laughter.]
- Lisa Kudrow: Do it again! [line_index=3]

## Scene s07e15_sc32 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Matthew mimics the sound again.

- Friends: The Stuff You’ve Never Seen can be read by following this link.) [line_index=0]
