---
episode_id: s07e21
title: The One With The Vows
season: 7
episode: 21
---

# S07E21 The One With The Vows

## Scene s07e21_sc01 | Unknown

- Episodes Originally Transcribed by: Eric Aasen , Mindy Mattingly Phillips , and guineapig . [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e21_sc02 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is at the kitchen table and Chandler is in the living room.

- Monica: Do you realize that four weeks from today we’re getting married? Four weeks baby!! Four weeks!!! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Do you realize you get louder each week? [line_index=1]
- Monica: There’s still so much to do. Have you written your vows yet? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: I figured I’d buy those. Pat, I’d like to buy a vow. [line_index=3; stage=Laughs]
- Monica: Sweetie, you know I have no sense of humor when it comes to the wedding. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Right. So uh, have you written yours yet? [line_index=5]
- Monica: No! But I know exactly what I’m going to say. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Do you happen to know what I’m going to say? [line_index=7]
- Monica: Let’s just do it right now. Okay? It won’t be hard. Just say what’s in your heart. [line_index=8; stage=handing him a pad of paper and a pen She goes back, sits down, and starts feverishly writing.]
- Chandler: Look at her go! She must love me more than I love her! What’s wrong with me? Ooh, don’t open that door . [line_index=9; stage=watching in her in his head]

## Scene s07e21_sc03 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey and Rachel's, Chandler is getting help writing his vows from Joey and Ross.

- Chandler: Monica, there are no words… There are no words! This should not be this hard! [line_index=0; stage=writing To Joey and Ross]
- Joey: All right, uh… Oh hey, you’ve done this before Ross, well what did you say when you made up your vows? [line_index=1; stage=To Ross]
- Ross: Well with Carol, I promised never to love another woman until the day I die. She made no such promise. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: I’m so pathetic! Monica knows what she wants to say! You should’ve seen her. Writing, writing, writing! [line_index=3]

## Scene s07e21_sc04 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica and Chandler's, Monica has hit a writer’s block as Rachel and Phoebe enter.

- Rachel: Monica what? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: What?! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: What is the emergency?! [line_index=2]
- Monica: You have to help me! I’m supposed to be writing my vows and all I have is this! [line_index=3; stage=Shows them what she’s been working on.]
- Rachel: Well, I like the pretty little drawing of you in the wedding dress. [line_index=4]
- Monica: Thank you. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Yeah, except your breasts look kinda small. [line_index=6; stage=Points.]
- Monica: Those are my eyes! Those are my breasts. [line_index=7; stage=Points.]
- Phoebe: Oh! Yeah! [line_index=8; stage=Monica glares at her.]
- Ross: Well, why don’t you just start with something simple. Like umm, Monica from the moment I met you, I knew I loved you. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Yeah, I’m not sure I can do that. [line_index=10]
- Ross: ...everyone, this is Chandler! [line_index=11]
- Fat Monica: Hi, I'm Ross's little sister. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: Okay. [line_index=13; stage=seeing her]
- Rachel: Okay. Okay. Okay. Umm, maybe you can start with, "Chandler, even though we were friends; there was a part of me that always knew I wanted more." [line_index=14]
- Chandler: All right, there’s a nuclear holocaust, I’m the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me? [line_index=15]
- Monica: Ennnh. [line_index=16]
- Monica: Ooh, are we allowed to lie in the vows?! [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: Well maybe you don’t talk about your feelings back then. Maybe you just say something about y’know all the things that he’s taught you. Like… Or all the things you taught him. [line_index=18; stage=They all try to think about one example and don’t succeed.]
- Monica: Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. You got one, two three, four , five, six, and seven! [line_index=19; stage=She starts labelling them Chandler is shocked to find out there’s more than three]
- Chandler: There are seven?! That’s one? [line_index=20; stage=shocked Points to one]
- Monica: It’s kind of an important one! [line_index=21]
- Chandler: Oh, y’know-y’know what, I was looking at it upside down. [line_index=22]
- Rachel: Well, y’know, sometimes that helps. [line_index=23; stage=She realises what that could’ve meant.]
- Monica: All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7 …7..…7…7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7…! [line_index=24; stage=Rachel starts getting worked up mouths 7 They both lean back on the couch satisfied.]
- Joey: Oh, I got it! How about saying something like, "Monica… [line_index=25]
- Chandler: Monica… [line_index=26; stage=writing]
- Joey: "…when I look back over our time together…" [line_index=27]
- Chandler: Yeah? [line_index=28; stage=writes what Joey said and waits for him to go on]
- Joey: Well, I can’t do everything! Look back over your time together. [line_index=29]
- Phoebe: Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute. [line_index=30]
- Monica: No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two? [line_index=31]
- Chandler: You'll get one. [line_index=32]
- Monica: Oh yeah? When? [line_index=33]
- Chandler: All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one? [line_index=34]
- Monica: Why won't I be married when I'm 40? [line_index=35]
- Chandler: Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically. [line_index=36]
- Monica: Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40? [line_index=37]
- Chandler: No, no, no. [line_index=38]
- Monica: What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me? [line_index=39]
- Chandler: Uh, uh. [line_index=40; stage=trapped]
- Monica: Well? [line_index=41]
- Chandler: Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack! [line_index=42; stage=throws himself over the back of the chair he was sitting in]
- Chandler: Nice try. [line_index=43]
- Monica: Wait, wait, wait! [line_index=44; stage=She puts a Shriner's hat on the turkey.]
- Chandler: Look, Monica… [line_index=45]
- Monica: Look! [line_index=46; stage=She puts a big, yellow pair of sunglasses on the bird.]
- Chandler: This is not going to work. [line_index=47]
- Monica: I bet this will work! [line_index=48; stage=She starts dancing and Chandler cracks up.]
- Chandler: You are so great! I love you! [line_index=49]

## Scene s07e21_sc05 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica stops suddenly and turns around slowly.

- Monica: What? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great" and then I just, I just stopped talking! [line_index=1]
- Monica: You said you loved me! I can't believe this! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: No I didn't! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Yes, you did! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: No I didn't! [line_index=5]
- Monica: You love me! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: No I don't! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! [line_index=7]

## Scene s07e21_sc06 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Joey walks in and sees Monica. He freaks out and runs back into the hallway, screaming.

- Chandler: Y’know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here? [line_index=0]
- Monica: Then all your stuff would be here. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Well, what if all my stuff was here? [line_index=2]
- Monica: Then you’d be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn’t make any sense. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I’m saying? [line_index=4]

## Scene s07e21_sc07 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: He walks dejectedly into his apartment to find it lit with about a thousand candles and Monica standing in the living room.

- Monica: You wanted it to be a surprise. [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e21_sc08 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: He turns to look at Joey who smiles slyly and closes the door leaving them alone.

- Chandler: Oh my God. [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e21_sc09 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica gets down on one knee.

- Monica: Chandler… In all my life… I never thought I would be so lucky. As to…fall in love with my best…my best… There’s a reason why girls don’t do this! [line_index=0; stage=Starting to cry.]
- Chandler: Okay! Okay! Okay! I'll do it! Oh God, I thought… Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you’ll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me? [line_index=1; stage=He joins her on one knee Starting to cry, pauses Pause Pause Starting to cry again. Pause as he gets out the ring.]
- Monica: Yes. [line_index=2]

## Scene s07e21_sc10 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: The crowd goes wild as he puts the ring on her finger. They hug and kiss this time as an engaged couple.

- Joey: Can we come it yet?! We’re dying out here! [line_index=0; emotions=anger; stage=yelling through the door]
- Monica: Come in! Come in! We’re engaged!!! [line_index=1; stage=Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe burst through the door.]

## Scene s07e21_sc11 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Everyone screams and has a group hug.


## Scene s07e21_sc12 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe and Rachel are on the couch as Joey and Ross enter.

- Joey: Hey! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Hey! [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Hey! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Hey, what have you guys been up to? [line_index=4]
- Ross: Oh, we were helping Chandler write his vows, but he kicked us out because Joey kept making inappropriate suggestions. [line_index=5]
- Joey: How is "Monica, I love your sweet ass," inappropriate? [line_index=6]
- Ross: How’s Monica coming along with her vows? [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Well let’s just say its she’s lucky she has a sweet ass, ‘cause she’s not so good at the writing. [line_index=8]
- Ross: I can’t believe in four weeks they’re gonna be married! [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Well let’s just hope it works. Y’know nine out of ten marriages end in divorce? [line_index=10]
- Ross: Phoebe that’s not true. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Yeah, you’re right. How’s the Mrs.? [line_index=12]
- Rachel: I can’t believe they’ve been together for three years. [line_index=13]
- Joey: Has it been that long?! [line_index=14; stage=shocked]
- Ross: Believe me, it seems like less because they hid it from us for so long. [line_index=15]

## Scene s07e21_sc13 | Central Perk
Description: They move into kiss but are interrupted by Joey knocking on the door.

- Joey: Hey, it's me! I'm comin' in! [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e21_sc14 | Central Perk
Description: Monica quickly dives under the water as Joey enters. He looks a little shocked at what Chandler's doing.

- Chandler: I've had a very long, hard day. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Ahh, I'm gonna go get some chicken. Want some? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then. [line_index=2]
- Joey: Okay. [line_index=3]

## Scene s07e21_sc15 | Central Perk
Description: Joey leaves and Monica comes up for air.

- Chandler: Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Chicken? I could eat some chicken. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Hey Joe! [line_index=2]

## Scene s07e21_sc16 | Central Perk
Description: Monica goes back underwater as Joey re-enters.

- Chandler: Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke —— Diet Coke . [line_index=0; stage=Yelps in pain as Monica grabs him underwater]

## Scene s07e21_sc17 | Central Perk
Description: Joey gives him a thumbs up and heads for the chicken.

- Rachel: I don’t know why they didn’t just tell us. [line_index=0]
- Joey: I know! I mean it’s not like we weren’t cool about it. [line_index=1]
- Joey: You?! And-and you?! [line_index=2; stage=To Chandler To Monica]
- Monica: Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows! [line_index=3]
- Joey: How?! When?! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: It happened in London. [line_index=5]
- Joey: IN LONDON!!! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it. [line_index=7]
- Joey: But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone! [line_index=8]

## Scene s07e21_sc18 | Central Perk
Description: They both grab him and stop him.

- Chandler: No-no-no-no-no! You can't! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell. [line_index=1]

## Scene s07e21_sc19 | Joey thinks it over
Description: Joey thinks it over.

- Joey: All right! Man, this is unbelievable! [line_index=0]
- Monica: I can't wait to be with you! I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours. [line_index=1; stage=on phone]
- Chandler: Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname? [line_index=2; stage=on phone Rachel is absolutely stunned, she opens her mouth in absolute amazement.]
- Monica: Awww, y'know what your nickname is, Mr. Big… [line_index=3; stage=on phone]
- Rachel: Arghh!! [line_index=4; stage=She quickly hangs up the phone and starts to pace around wondering what to do.]
- Phoebe: Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler! Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey! Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!! [line_index=5; emotions=anger; stage=looking out the window Starts yelling. Chandler and Monica start taking each other's clothes off.]
- Rachel: What?! [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Ahhh!! Chandler and Monica!! Chandler and Monica!! [line_index=7; stage=screaming]
- Rachel: Oh my God! [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: CHANDLER AND MONICA!!!! [line_index=9]
- Rachel: OH MY GOD!!! [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: OH!! MY EYES!!! MY EYES!!!! [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Phoebe!! Phoebe!! It's okay!! It's okay!! [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: NO! THEY'RE DOING IT!!! [line_index=13]
- Rachel: I KNOW!! I KNOW!! I KNOW! [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: YOU KNOW?!!! [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know so you have to stop screaming!! [line_index=16]
- Ross: What's going on? [line_index=17; stage=entering]
- Ross: What?! What?! [line_index=18]
- Rachel: Nothing! Oh God, we're just so excited that you want to get this apartment! [line_index=19]
- Ross: Actually, it looks really good. [line_index=20; stage=Turns towards the window and now Phoebe starts jumping to divert his attention.]
- Phoebe: Get in here!!! [line_index=21; stage=Screaming incoherently. Motions to join her and Rachel.]

## Scene s07e21_sc20 | Joey thinks it over
Description: Ross starts jumping and screaming incoherently and hops over and joins in on the group hug.

- Phoebe: Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own [line_index=2]
- Rachel: All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Bye! [line_index=4]
- All: Bye! [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Bye Chandler! I miss you already. [line_index=6; stage=She walks up to him. Quietly. She pinches his butt.]
- Chandler: Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!! [line_index=7; stage=after they've left]
- Monica: Actually, I did! [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me? [line_index=9]
- Monica: Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us! [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Phoebe knows about us! [line_index=11]
- Joey: Well I didn't tell them! [line_index=12]
- Monica: Them?! Who's them? [line_index=13]
- Joey: Uhhh, Phoebe and Joey. [line_index=14]
- Monica: Joey! [line_index=15]
- Joey: And Rachel. I would've told you but they made me promise not to tell! [line_index=16]
- Monica: Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So… [line_index=17]
- Chandler: Ahh yes, the messers become the messies! [line_index=18]
- Phoebe: I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more! [line_index=19; stage=Hangs up.]
- Rachel: Are you kidding?! [line_index=20]
- Phoebe: No! [line_index=21]
- Rachel: I can not believe he would do that to Mon—Whoa! Joey, do they know that we know? [line_index=22; stage=She stops suddenly and slowly turns to point at Joey. Joey is avoiding her eyes.]
- Joey: No. [line_index=23]
- Rachel: Joey! [line_index=24]
- Joey: They know you know. [line_index=25]
- Rachel: Ugh, I knew it! Oh I cannot believe those two! [line_index=26]
- Phoebe: God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! Joey, you can't say anything! [line_index=27; stage=Joey just shakes his head.]
- Joey: I couldn't even if I wanted too. [line_index=28]
- Chandler: Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her! [line_index=29]
- Monica: She's bluffing! [line_index=30]
- Chandler: Look, she's not backing down! She went like this! [line_index=31; stage=He does a little mimic of her dance.]
- Phoebe: He's not backing down. He went to get lotion. [line_index=32]
- Joey: Oh man! Aren't you guys done yet?! [line_index=33; stage=entering the hall]
- Rachel: Joey look, just look at it this way, the sooner Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over and out in the open. [line_index=34]
- Joey: Ooh! [line_index=35]
- Rachel: Okay! [line_index=36]
- Joey: I like that! Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em! [line_index=37; stage=To Phoebe He swiftly rips open the front of Phoebe's dress revealing her bra.]
- Phoebe: Joey! Wow, you didn’t rip off any buttons. [line_index=38; stage=Examining the dress.]
- Joey: It's not my first time. [line_index=39]
- Monica: You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks! [line_index=40]
- Chandler: Okay, give me a second! Did you clean up in here? [line_index=41; stage=Pause]
- Monica: Of course. [line_index=42]
- Chandler: Oh, you're-you're going? [line_index=43]
- Phoebe: Umm, not without you, lover. So, this is my bra. [line_index=44; stage=She slowly walks over to him and is showcasing her bra.]
- Chandler: It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very happy were gonna have all the sex. [line_index=45; stage=swallowing hard]
- Phoebe: You should be. I'm very bendy. I'm gonna kiss you now. [line_index=46; stage=Pause]
- Chandler: Not if I kiss you first. [line_index=47]

## Scene s07e21_sc21 | Joey thinks it over
Description: They move closer to together and Phoebe hesitantly puts her hand on Chandler's hip. He puts his hand on her left hip but then decides to put his hand on her left hip. Phoebe then grabs his butt. Chandler goes for her breast, but stops and puts his hand on her shoulder.

- Phoebe: Ooh. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Here it comes. Our first kiss. [line_index=2]

## Scene s07e21_sc22 | Joey thinks it over
Description: They slowly and hesitantly move their lips together and kiss gently. Phoebe has her eyes wide open in shock and Chandler is squinting. He finally breaks the kiss after only a short while and pushes Phoebe away.

- Chandler: Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win!! I can't have sex with ya! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: And why not?! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Because I'm in love with Monica!! [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: You're-you're what?! [line_index=3]

## Scene s07e21_sc23 | Joey thinks it over
Description: Monica comes out of the bathroom like a bolt, and Rachel and Joey both enter.

- Chandler: Love her! That's right, I…LOVE…HER!!! I love her!! I love you, Monica. [line_index=0; stage=They walk together and hug.]
- Monica: I love you too Chandler. [line_index=1; stage=They kiss.]
- Phoebe: I just—I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love! [line_index=2]
- Joey: So that's it! It's over! Everybody knows! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Well actually, Ross doesn't. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet. [line_index=5]
- Ross: No! No! Wh… What are you doing?!! GET OFF MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!! [line_index=6; stage=He notices something through the window. Dr. Ledbetter is slowly backing away.]

## Scene s07e21_sc24 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe, Rachel, Joey and Ross are talking.

- Phoebe: Y’know, you’re friend’s getting married, it’s gotta change things. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: You really think it would be that different? [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: How could it not be? I mean pretty soon they’re gonna be having kids, and then they’re just gonna be hanging out with other couples who have kids. And then maybe they’re gonna have to leave the city to be near a Volvo dealership. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Well, things change. [line_index=3]
- Joey: I don’t want them to move to a Volvo dealership! [line_index=4]
- Ross: It’ll be okay Joe. [line_index=5]
- Joey: I’m sorry, I just…I like things the way they are. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Hey, who's this little naked guy? [line_index=7]
- Ross: That little naked guy would be me. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Aww, look at the little thing. [line_index=9]
- Ross: Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now? [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Who are those people? [line_index=11]
- Ross: Got me. [line_index=12]
- Monica: Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. 'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'. [line_index=13; stage=Reads the back]
- Rachel: Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there? [line_index=14]
- Monica: Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25? [line_index=15]
- Ross: Looks like a fun gang. [line_index=16; stage=They all look at each other and smile]
- Joey: Ooh, look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked! [line_index=17]
- Ross: Nono, that would be me again. [line_index=18; stage=looking]
- Monica: Hey, you guys! [line_index=19]
- Phoebe: Hey. [line_index=20]
- Joey: Hey. [line_index=21]
- Chandler: What’s going on? [line_index=22]
- Rachel: Well, we were just talkin’ about you guys gettin’ married and how great it is. [line_index=23]
- Joey: Yeah, you can get a Volvo . If that’s what you really want. [line_index=24]
- Monica: Oh that’s so sweet. [line_index=25]
- Chandler: So we both finished our vows. [line_index=26]
- Phoebe: Oh! [line_index=27]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=28]
- Rachel: Oh, can we read them? [line_index=29]
- Monica: Yeah, I don’t hear Chandler’s and he doesn’t hear mine. [line_index=30]
- Rachel: Okay. [line_index=31]
- Phoebe: Okay. [line_index=32]
- Phoebe: Oh, that’s beautiful. [line_index=33; stage=To Monica]
- Joey: Funny one! That’s good! [line_index=34; emotions=joy; stage=To Chandler laughing]
- Rachel: Monica, will-will you marry me? [line_index=35; stage=To Monica]

## Scene s07e21_sc25 | Ross laughs
Description: Ross laughs.

- Joey: What? I don’t get it. [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e21_sc26 | Ross laughs
Description: Ross points to the explanation and he gets it.

- Ross: Oh man, this is hilarious. [line_index=0; stage=To Chandler]
- Monica: Chandler!! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Don’t worry honey, we’ll make yours funnier. [line_index=2]

## Scene s07e21_sc27 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica and Chandler's, Ross and Joey are reading Chandler’s new vows.

- Chandler: Okay, what do you guys think? [line_index=0]
- Ross: Dude! [line_index=1; stage=quietly]
- Joey: I have never known love like this. [line_index=2; stage=starting to cry]
- Chandler: You really like it? [line_index=3]
- Ross: Dude! How-how did you write this? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: I stole Monica’s and changed the name. [line_index=5]
- Ross: You can’t do that! [line_index=6]
- Joey: If he goes first he can! [line_index=7]
