---
episode_id: s07e14
title: The One Where They All Turn Thirty
season: 7
episode: 14
---

# S07E14 The One Where They All Turn Thirty

## Scene s07e14_sc01 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey and Rachel's, Joey is knocking on Rachel’s door, whose door frame is decorated with balloons. The rest of the gang is there as well. Rachel opens the door and the gang blow on noisemakers.

- Ross: Happy birthday!!! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Happy birthday!!! [line_index=1]

## Scene s07e14_sc02 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Rachel glares at them and goes back into her room, closing her door.

- All: Rach! Come on! Rach! [line_index=0]
- Monica: It’s your birthday! [line_index=1]
- Tag: Hey. [line_index=2; stage=entering from her room]
- Chandler: She’s not as pretty as she was when she was 29. [line_index=3; stage=To Monica]
- Tag: Ms. Green would like to establish some ground rules before she comes out. She would appreciate it if you don’t use the words old or downhill or they still look pretty damn good. [line_index=4; stage=To Joey Joey smiles and everyone glares at him.]
- Joey: They do! [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Rachel! Come on out! Monica made breakfast! [line_index=6]
- Monica: Chocolate-chip pancakes! [line_index=7]

## Scene s07e14_sc03 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: There is no response from Rachel.

- Ross: We’ve got presents! [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e14_sc04 | She opens the door
Description: She opens the door.

- Rachel: Good ones? [line_index=0]
- Monica: They all came from the list you handed out to us two weeks ago. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Well, can I keep the presents and still be 29? [line_index=2]
- Joey: Come on Rach! Look, turning thirty is not that big a deal. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Oh really. Is that how you felt when you turned thirty? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Why God?!! Why?!! We had a deal!! Let the others grow old! Not me!! [line_index=5; stage=screaming He buries his head in Phoebe’s lap for comfort.]
- Rachel: Y’know, I’m still 29 in Guam. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Hey, 30 is not that old! Do you know how old the Earth is? [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Late thirties? Oh come on you guys! Is it just me? Am I overreacting to this? [line_index=8]
- Chandler: No Rach, it’s not just you. My thirtieth birthday certainly wasn’t that much fun. [line_index=9]
- Joey: And now Chandler! We’re all gettin’ so old! Why are you doing this to us?! [line_index=10; emotions=sadness; stage=screaming Looking up Turns away crying.]

## Scene s07e14_sc05 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey and Rachel's, breakfast is finished but Rachel’s still down.

- Monica: Rach, you’re in a great place in your life. Come on, you’ve got a great job! Good friends… [line_index=0]
- Joey: Yeah, you’re roommate is a soap opera star. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Look, y’know I know my life’s going pretty well, but I look around and I just see so many people who’ve accomplished so many other goals by the time they’re thirty. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Yeah, but you shouldn’t compare yourself to me. [line_index=3]
- All: Come on Phoebe! You can do it Phoebe! Come on! [line_index=4]
- Rachel: There you go! [line_index=5]

## Scene s07e14_sc06 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: She crosses the line and they all cheer again.

- Phoebe: I did it! One mile on a hippity-hop! That’s it!! That’s everything I wanted to do before I was thirty. Oh, except I wanted to patch things up with my sister. But oh well. Yay!! And-and girls this thing is a Godsend if you know what I mean. [line_index=0; stage=They all cheer again. Rachel and Monica look intrigued and as they all head into Central Perk, Rachel picks up the hippity-hop that Phoebe left behind.]

## Scene s07e14_sc07 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey and Rachel's, continued from earlier.

- Rachel: Thirty. Ugh, I mean thirty! Monica, do you remember mean, old Mrs. Kreeger in the fifth grade? She was thirty! [line_index=0]
- Tag: Come on, let’s have some fun. Huh? What do you want to do today? [line_index=1; stage=To Rachel]
- Rachel: Nothing. I don’t want to do anything. [line_index=2]
- Monica: Well, doing nothing on your thirtieth is better than doing something stupid, like Ross. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Hey! That was a practical purchase! I needed that car for transportation! Okay? I-I have a child! [line_index=4]
- Ross: How hot do I look in this, huh?! [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Ross, a sports car? Wouldn’t it have been cheaper to just stuff a sock down there? [line_index=6]
- Ross: That’s not what this is about okay? I-I am a sports car enthusiast. I have always been into cars. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Hey, what’s the horsepower on this thing? [line_index=8]
- Ross: I don’t know, but-but look how shiny! [line_index=9; stage=giddy]
- Monica: I can’t believe you bought this. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Really! God Ross, what were you thinking? I know it’s really shallow, but a part of me wants him again. [line_index=11; stage=To Phoebe, quietly]
- Phoebe: Oh, well get in line missy. So, can I have a ride stud? [line_index=12; stage=To Ross]
- Ross: Hop in. Get ready for the smoothest ride of your life. [line_index=13; stage=Phoebe hops in.]
- Ross: Damnit! [line_index=14; stage=Shuts the car off.]
- Phoebe: Okay, who’s next? [line_index=15; stage=getting out]

## Scene s07e14_sc08 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey and Rachel's, Phoebe is pouring Rachel some coffee.

- Rachel: Y’know what? I am going to do something today. I’m not just gonna sit around like some old lady. I’m gonna get something pierced. Like my uh, like my nose or my tongue or something. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Really?! ‘Cause y’know that hurts. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: So what?! Y’know what? The way I see it——Ow! Son of a bitch!! [line_index=2; stage=Phoebe pulls out a hair from the back of her head]
- Tag: Look Rachel, I know what you’re going through. I’m totally freaked about turning 25. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Get out, get out of my apartment. [line_index=4; stage=glares at him]
- Monica: All right Rach, for what it’s worth, I think that you’re doing great. I mean y’know let’s face it, no one handles this well. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Least of all you. [line_index=6]
- Tag: Why? What you’d do? [line_index=7]
- Monica: Weren’t you asked to leave sonny? [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Would you put that back on?! Monica’s gonna be here any minute! [line_index=9; stage=To Joey]
- Joey: But it hurt’s my Joey’s Apple. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Okay, for the last time. It’s not named for each individual man. [line_index=11; stage=frustrated]

## Scene s07e14_sc09 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey walks away and Mr. and Mrs. Geller walk up. Mr. Geller is wearing this ancient velvet tuxedo.

- Mrs. Geller: You’ve done a wonderful job with this party Chandler. Everything looks so lovely. [line_index=0; stage=To Chandler]
- Chandler: Oh well, not as lovely as you. I mean, I can’t believe that you would have a thirty-year-old daughter! And you! I can’t believe that you would have a tux that’s thirty years old! [line_index=1; stage=To Mr. Geller Puts his hand on Mr. Geller’s shoulder.]
- Mr. Geller: It’s older than that. Ross was actually conceived right near this tuxedo. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Ohh! [line_index=3; stage=He quickly removes his hand and looks at it.]
- Rachel: Hey! Everybody hide! Hide! I saw her! She’s coming! [line_index=4; stage=entering]
- Chandler: Okay! Okay! Everybody down! Everybody down! [line_index=5; stage=Rachel turns off the lights and everyone crouches. As everyone crouches, a ripping noise erupts from the assemblage.]
- Mr. Geller: Crap. [line_index=6]

## Scene s07e14_sc10 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: We hear some fumbling at the door, then silence.

- Chandler: Okay, everybody stay here. I will find out what’s going on. [line_index=0; stage=getting up to investigate]

## Scene s07e14_sc11 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: He goes out into the hall and finds a very drunk Monica lying up against Joey and Rachel’s door.

- Monica: Heyyy!! You got the door open!! [line_index=0; stage=Giggles.]
- Chandler: Hey-hey are you drunk? [line_index=1]
- Monica: Nooo! Okay. Whoa! Okay. See I was, I was a little nervous about turning thirty. So the bus boys took me out for some drinks. I wanna puke on you later! [line_index=2; stage=Giggles She tries to pull herself up by Rachel and Joey’s doorknob, but the door opens and she almost falls into the their apartment. She manages to catch herself. Stands up, unsteadily whispering Giggles. Pause]
- Chandler: Okay, here is the thing. We have thrown a very formal surprise party for you in there! All of your friends are in there and your parents! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Noo!!! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Yes! [line_index=5]
- Monica: Noo!! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Yes!! [line_index=7]
- Monica: Oh no! My parents have never seen me drunk! That they know of. [line_index=8; stage=Pause]
- Chandler: Okay, here’s the thing. We’re gonna get you some coffee and they will never know that you’re drunk. [line_index=9]
- Monica: Really?! You promise? [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Yeah, I’ll take care of it. [line_index=11]
- Monica: Okay. I love you so much. [line_index=12; stage=Kisses him.]
- Chandler: Okay we have to do something about your breath. [line_index=13; emotions=joy; stage=laughing]
- Monica: What about your breath?! [line_index=14; stage=Breathes on him.]
- Chandler: That’s still yours. Okay, now remember it’s a surprise party. So, when you go in, act surprised. [line_index=15]
- Monica: Okay. I can do that. [line_index=16]
- Chandler: Okay. [line_index=17]

## Scene s07e14_sc12 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Chandler opens the door and Monica sneaks up on it. They go inside.

- All: Surprise!!! [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e14_sc13 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Monica screams and they all stare at her.


## Scene s07e14_sc14 | Ross’s birthday
Description: Ross’s birthday, Joey is now trying to get his car out while Ross is directing him.

- Ross: Okay, forward. Forward—Stop! Okay, back—Stop! Okay, forward—Stop! Stop! Stop! [line_index=0; stage=The car moves an inch and Ross runs to the back of the car. The car barely moves and Ross runs back to the front.]
- Monica: Ross, just forget about it. This guy’s got you totally wedged in. [line_index=1]

## Scene s07e14_sc15 | A beautiful woman approaches
Description: A beautiful woman approaches.

- Woman: Is this yours? [line_index=0; stage=To Joey]
- Joey: Well actually… [line_index=1]
- Ross: No-no-no! It’s mine! It’s-it’s mine. [line_index=2; stage=The woman walks away.]
- Joey: Dude, you soooo need this car. [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Okay. Okay, here’s what we’re gonna do. Okay, I’m gonna break into this mini-van and put it in neutral. You guys push it forward so Ross can drive out of his spot. Okay? All right, here we go. Haul ass!!!! [line_index=4; stage=running up She opens her coat and reveals that thing car thieves use to break into cars as Ross jumps in behind the wheel. She inserts the device, unlocks the door, opens it, and the alarm goes off.]

## Scene s07e14_sc16 | Runs off
Description: Runs off.


## Scene s07e14_sc17 | Runs off
Description: The rest of the gang runs away, except for Ross who’s tramped inside his car. To hide he puts the top up as Monica, Rachel, and Joey come running past.


## Scene s07e14_sc18 | Phoebe’s birthday
Description: Phoebe’s birthday, she’s taking the hippity-hop to Ursula’s apartment as a gift. She knocks on the door and Ursula answers it.

- Phoebe: Happy thirtieth birthday! Here! It’s for the child in you, and the woman. Happy thirtieth! [line_index=0; stage=Hands her the hippity-hop.]
- Ursula: Right, why do you keep saying that? [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Because it’s our thirtieth birthday. [line_index=2]
- Ursula: Yeah, no we’re not thirty. We’re 31. Okay. [line_index=3; stage=She closes the door.]
- Phoebe: Wait! [line_index=4; stage=Knocks on the door and Ursula opens it.]
- Ursula: Oh, it’s you. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Yeah. What?! [line_index=6]
- Ursula: Yeah, we’re not thirty, we’re 31. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Nu-uh! [line_index=8]
- Ursula: Yea-huh! That’s what is says on my birth certificate. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: You have your birth certificate? [line_index=10]
- Ursula: Yeah, I got a big box of family stuff when my mom died. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Our mom. [line_index=12]
- Ursula: Right! Okay. [line_index=13; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastic Hands Phoebe her births certificate.]
- Phoebe: Do you have my birth certificate? [line_index=14]
- Ursula: No, I sold it to a Swedish runaway. [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Oh my God! Oh my God, we are 31. [line_index=16; stage=reading the certificate]
- Ursula: Yeah. [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: I just lost a whole year of my life. [line_index=18]
- Ursula: Okay. [line_index=19; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastic]
- Phoebe: Your middle name is Pamela? [line_index=20]
- Ursula: Yes. [line_index=21]
- Phoebe: Well, I never knew mine. Do you remember what it is? [line_index=22]
- Ursula: Yes! Phoebe. [line_index=23]
- Phoebe: That’s my first name. [line_index=24]
- Ursula: Right, okay, then no. [line_index=25]

## Scene s07e14_sc19 | Monica’s birthday
Description: Monica’s birthday, it’s just after the surprise.

- Chandler: Okay before we start the celebration, Monica has to go put on her party dress. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Yay! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: See? Here we go. [line_index=2; stage=Does his laugh. Starts walking her to their room, and has to pass in front of Mr. Geller who’s sitting at the table and Mrs. Geller who’s standing next to him.]
- Mr. Geller: Happy birthday, sweetie! Give us a hug! [line_index=3; stage=Starts to get up.]
- Mrs. Geller: Don’t get up Jack! The safety pins are about to blow. [line_index=4; stage=stopping him]

## Scene s07e14_sc20 | They continue their trek
Description: They continue their trek.

- Monica: Paul! [line_index=0; stage=sees someone]
- Chandler: Phil. [line_index=1; stage=correcting her]
- Monica: Phil! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Now, there is a dress laid out on your bed. Okay, you’re doing great. You’re doing great. You’re doing fine. [line_index=3; stage=Monica stumbles on the steps. catches her]

## Scene s07e14_sc21 | They continue their trek
Description: Phoebe approaches as they almost get to their room.

- Phoebe: Hey, what’s going on? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Monica’s a little drunk. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Yay! I love drunk Monica! [line_index=2]
- Monica: Awwwww… [line_index=3; stage=Giggles.]
- Chandler: Go change! She doesn’t want her parents to know she’s drunk. [line_index=4; stage=To Monica To Phoebe]
- Phoebe: Ohh! All right! All right. Here’s what we’ll do, I’ll get twice as drunk as Monica and then no one’s will even notice her. [line_index=5]

## Scene s07e14_sc22 | They continue their trek
Description: Chandler walks over to where the rest of the gang is.

- Rachel: What’s-what’s going on? Phil’s really pissed! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Monica’s wasted. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Maybe that will liven up this party. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Okay, will you just go help her change please! [line_index=3; stage=To Rachel]
- Rachel: Okay, but taking care of a drunk, naked woman seems like a job for Joey. [line_index=4]
- Joey: Yep. [line_index=5; stage=Starts for Monica’s room, but Chandler stops him.]

## Scene s07e14_sc23 | Rachel’s birthday
Description: Rachel’s birthday, everyone is presenting their presents to Rachel.

- Tag: This one’s from me. [line_index=0; stage=handing his to her]
- Rachel: Ahh! [line_index=1]
- Tag: It wasn’t on your list, but hopefully you’ll think it’s really fun. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: A scooter! [line_index=3; emotions=joy; stage=opening it She’s not happy.]
- Ross: Stick to the list. Always stick to the list. [line_index=4; stage=to Tag]
- Rachel: No! No-no, I love it. Thank you. [line_index=5; stage=Kisses him.]
- Chandler: Okay, open ours next. Open ours next! [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Okay. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Now that you’re a couple, we don’t get two presents from you guys? [line_index=8]
- Chandler: For my last birthday you gave me a hug ! Okay, read the card! Read the card! [line_index=9; stage=To Rachel]
- Rachel: Okay. Happy birthday Grandma! It’s better to be over the hill then buried under it. All our love Monica and Chandler. That’s funny, yeah! [line_index=10; emotions=sadness; stage=Opens the card and reads it. starting to cry Breaks down as everyone glares at them. Crying]
- Chandler: No-no-no-no! That was the joke! [line_index=11]
- Rachel: No, I know! I get it! It’s funny! [line_index=12; emotions=sadness; stage=crying]
- Chandler: No, because you’re not a grandmother! [line_index=13]
- Rachel: No I know, because to be a grandmother you have to be married and have children and I don’t have any of those things. That’s why it’s so funny. [line_index=14]

## Scene s07e14_sc24 | Rachel’s birthday
Description: Runs into her room crying.

- Monica: All you had to do was buy the card! [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e14_sc25 | Rachel’s birthday
Description: Rachel’s birthday, a time lapse has occurred. Rachel is coming back into the living room carrying a notepad.

- Ross: Hey! Look who’s back! It’s the birthday girl! How’s the birthday girl feeling? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Well, I feel fine, but I think you’re bumming out the rest of the kids. [line_index=1]
- Ross: What? [line_index=2; stage=Glances over and sees the faces of the rest of the group, then goes and sits down.]
- Rachel: Okay! Y’know what? I realized it was stupid to get upset about not having a husband and kids. All I really needed was a plan. See I wanna have three kids… [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: As I was saying… I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I’m 35 which gives me five years. I love this plan! I wanna marry this plan! [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: If you could do that, I’d marry the hippity-hop. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: So, if I wanna have my kid when I’m 35, I don’t have to get pregnant until I’m 34. Which gives Prada four years to start making maternity clothes! Oh wait, but I do want to be married for a year before I get pregnant… [line_index=7]
- Monica: Really! That long?! Look all you want, it’s happening! [line_index=8; stage=Chandler slowly turns and looks at her. To Chandler]
- Rachel: No, so I don’t have to get married until I’m 33! That’s three years, that’s three whole years—Oh, wait a minute though. I’ll need a year and a half to plan the wedding, and I’d like to know the guy for a year, year and a half before we get engaged… Which means I need to meet the guy by the time I’m thirty. [line_index=9]
- Ross: Which is fine! Because you just turned——twenty-eight! [line_index=10; stage=Removes two candles from the cake]
- Rachel: No! Ross, no! It is not fine! Eh-eh-according to my plan I should already be with the guy I wanna marry! [line_index=11]

## Scene s07e14_sc26 | Rachel’s birthday
Description: We hear Tag scream out in the hallway and jump into view of the open door on the scooter. He gives a hearty thumbs up to the group and rides off, with Joey following breathlessly behind.

- Joey: Will you quit hoggin’ it! [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e14_sc27 | Monica’s birthday
Description: Monica’s birthday, Monica is now dressed and is being helped out by Chandler and Rachel.

- Rachel: I’m telling you it’s like watching Bambi learn how to walk. [line_index=0; stage=To Chandler]
- Ross: You’re drunk! Mom and dad are gonna be maaaaadd! Maybe I’m a little drunk. [line_index=1; stage=To Monica]

## Scene s07e14_sc28 | Monica’s birthday
Description: Monica sits down on the barca lounger.

- Chandler: Oh that’s great! Right there! Can we get some of that over here please? There we go. [line_index=0; stage=to a waiter The waiter comes over]
- Joey: Hey! Are those crab cakes? Did I not tell ya to come straight to me when more crab cakes were ready? [line_index=1; stage=to the waiter The waiter nods]
- Chandler: How are you feeling? [line_index=2; stage=To Monica]
- Monica: You are so handsome! I wanna make love to you right here, right now! [line_index=3; stage=Growls and pulls him into a kiss.]
- Ross: I really wish that you wouldn’t. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Now all you have to do is just get through a little bit more, okay? Then we can put you in bed, okay? Just smile and don’t talk to any one. [line_index=5; stage=To Monica]
- Phoebe: Speech! Speech! Let’s hear from the birthday girl! Huh? [line_index=6; stage=clinking two glasses together]
- Chandler: Pheebs!! [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Don’t you see? Everyone’s looking at me! The plan’s working! I didn’t even have to take off my top yet! [line_index=8]
- Mrs. Geller: Speech! Come on Monica! [line_index=9]
- Ross: Come on! [line_index=10]
- All: Come on! Speech! [line_index=11]

## Scene s07e14_sc29 | Monica’s birthday
Description: Monica stands up and wobbles slightly and Chandler runs over to catch her.

- Mr. Geller: Hey Chandler, you can’t keep your hands off her for one second! [line_index=0; stage=filming this]
- Mrs. Geller: Oh-ho, I think it’s nice. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I think it’s necessary. [line_index=2; stage=Backs away anyhow.]
- Monica: I-I-I wanna thank you all for coming. My family and my friends… [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Wooo!! Hoo!! [line_index=4; stage=screaming]
- Monica: I really like to say that I’m-um… Y’know what I’d really like to say? I’m drunk!! That’s right mom and dad your little Harmonica is hammered!! And guess what! I’ve been drunk before! And I’ve smoked a cigarette! And I got a box of Ding-Dongs hidden in my underwear drawer! It’s all okay. It’s okay because I turned thirty today. And, and I can do anything I want! Because I am a grown up. [line_index=5; stage=Pause Mrs. Geller pulls the camera down. Ross grabs the camera out of his dad’s hands. Falls over sideways with Ross filming the fall.]
- Phoebe: Okay quick, help me get this off! [line_index=6; stage=To Joey Motions to her top.]
- Joey: Yeah!! [line_index=7]

## Scene s07e14_sc30 | Monica’s birthday
Description: Ross pans the camera over to Phoebe.


## Scene s07e14_sc31 | Phoebe’s birthday
Description: Phoebe’s birthday, she’s telling everyone what she found out at Ursula’s while sitting in Central Perk.

- Phoebe: I lost a whole year! I can’t believe it! This is so unfair! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Oh, I don’t know Pheebs. It’ll be okay. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Will it? Will it?! I mean, how would you feel if you found out you were 31? [line_index=2]
- Joey: That’s not gonna happen. No. Because we have a new deal! [line_index=3; stage=Looks up]
- Phoebe: Plus, it totally ruined my schedule! I…I haven’t done any of the things I wanted to do by the time I was 31! [line_index=4]
- Joey: Like what? [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Like okay I-I-I, I haven’t met any Portuguese people! I, I haven’t had the perfect kiss! And I haven’t been to sniper’s school! [line_index=6]
- Monica: Phoebe, y’know why don’t we just go upstairs and have some birthday cake? [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: No, I just feel like being by myself for a while. All right? I’ll see you guys later. Thanks. [line_index=8; stage=Gets up and exits.]
- Rachel: Hey. Oh, poor Pheebs. [line_index=9; stage=After she leaves.]
- Joey: Hey, y’know what you guys? I think I’m gonna go walk her home. [line_index=10]

## Scene s07e14_sc32 | Phoebe’s birthday
Description: Gets up and runs out.

- Monica: Oh man! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=1]
- Monica: He’s gonna eat the cake! [line_index=2]
- Joey: Pheebs! Wait up! Listen uh, close your eyes. Maybe that’s one thing you can cross off your list. [line_index=3; stage=She stops. She does so and Joey passionately kisses her.]
- Phoebe: Oh yeah. [line_index=4]

## Scene s07e14_sc33 | Phoebe’s birthday
Description: Joey starts to walk away, but stops.

- Joey: Oh, and plus I’m 1/16 th Portuguese. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh! [line_index=1; emotions=joy; stage=Phoebe walks away smiling.]

## Scene s07e14_sc34 | Ross’s birthday
Description: Ross’s birthday, his car is still trapped in it’s spot. Now Joey, Phoebe, and Ross are at the front of the car with Monica, Rachel, and Chandler at the rear of the car.

- Ross: Okay, is everybody clear? We’re gonna pick it up…and move it. Now all we need is teamwork, okay? We’re gonna lift the car…and slide it out. Lift and slide! [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Ross, I really don’t think… [line_index=1]
- Ross: Lift!! And slide! [line_index=2; stage=interrupting her]
- Chandler: Okay, here we go. [line_index=3]
- Ross: All right everyone, lift! And slide!! [line_index=4; stage=They and try to lift the car, of course it doesn’t raise up Everyone leans over, but the car still does not move.]

## Scene s07e14_sc35 | Rachel’s birthday
Description: Rachel’s birthday, she is coming into the hallway where Joey and Tag are playing with the scooter.

- Rachel: Hey Joey, can I… [line_index=0]
- Joey: Oh, come on Rach! My turn just started! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Actually, I just wanna talk to Tag. [line_index=2]
- Joey: Oh. Okay. Hey, can I ride this outside? [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Whatever! Okay, I’m not your mother. [line_index=4]
- Joey: Okay! [line_index=5; stage=Runs off downstairs.]
- Rachel: Not in the street!! [line_index=6]
- Joey: Yes! [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Hi. [line_index=8; stage=to Tag]
- Tag: Hey. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Hey. [line_index=10]
- Tag: How are you doing? Are you feeling any better? [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Yeah, I’m doing okay. I’m um…let’s talk. [line_index=12]
- Tag: Okay. [line_index=13; stage=They sit on the step.]
- Rachel: Umm… [line_index=14]
- Tag: What’s up? [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Ohh Tag, umm…you’re such a great guy and we have sooo much fun together but I don’t-I don’t… [line_index=16]
- Tag: Wait! I think I see where you’re going, but before you say anything else, can I just say one more thing? [line_index=17; stage=Kisses her.]
- Rachel: Well said. And a uh good example of the fun I was referring to uhh, but I just think I’m past the point where I think I can y’know, just have fun. [line_index=18]
- Tag: Rachel, don’t do this. This is just because you’re turning thirty. [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Yeah, it is! But you’re just a kid! I mean you’re 25! [line_index=20]
- Tag: Twenty-four actually. [line_index=21]
- Rachel: Oh God! Y’know what I wish? I wish you were six years older. Well actually, if I’m wishin’ for stuff, I actually wish I was six years younger. [line_index=22]
- Tag: Me too. [line_index=23]
- Rachel: Yeah, I’m sorry. [line_index=24; stage=They hug.]
- Chandler: Hey! How’d it go? [line_index=25]
- Rachel: Oh, if I only want two kids, can I keep him for another year? [line_index=26]
- Phoebe: You did the right thing. [line_index=27]
- Joey: I don’t like this anymore. [line_index=28; stage=entering, limping, and holding his arm]

## Scene s07e14_sc36 | Rachel’s birthday
Description: He sits down with them in pain.

- Chandler: Well, here we are, just a bunch of thirty year olds. [line_index=0]
- Ross: God, do you realize in ten years we’re gonna be 40? [line_index=1]
- Joey: Why God?! Why are you doing this to us?! [line_index=2; emotions=sadness; stage=crying He buries his head in Ross’s shoulder.]

## Scene s07e14_sc37 | Ross’s birthday
Description: Ross’s birthday, night has fallen and Joey and Ross are walking by where his car is parked to find that both cars blocking him in have left.

- Ross: Yes! My baby’s finally free! [line_index=0]
- Joey: All-all right! Start it up! Let’s go! [line_index=1; stage=They run and jump in the car.]
- Ross: Woohoo! [line_index=2; stage=starting it]

## Scene s07e14_sc38 | Ross’s birthday
Description: Just as they are about to pull away, a big, fat, bald guy pulls up in the exact same car as Ross and stops next to him.

- The Man In The Sportscar: How hot are we? [line_index=0; stage=He drives off.]
- Ross: You wanna buy a car? [line_index=1]
- Joey: No. [line_index=2]

## Scene s07e14_sc39 | Ross’s birthday
Description: Ross shuts it off and they get out.
