---
episode_id: s07e10
title: The One With the Holiday Armadillo
season: 7
episode: 10
---

# S07E10 The One With the Holiday Armadillo

## Scene s07e10_sc01 | Monica
Description: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Chandler is on the phone, Rachel and Monica are sitting in the kitchen.

- Chandler: Buh-bye. I just got us reservations at Michelle’s and tickets to the Musicman to celebrate our first holiday season as a betroughed couple. [line_index=0; stage=Hangs up the phone]
- Monica: Betrothed… [line_index=1; stage=Corrects him]
- Chandler: …betrothed couple. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Hey! [line_index=3; stage=entering carrying a skull]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Haaaa... ... ahhhh! [line_index=5; stage=Puts the skull on the table]
- Chandler: Pheebs? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Huh? [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Skull? [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Oh, yeah, it's my mom's. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Oh my god!! [line_index=10; stage=freaking out]
- Phoebe: No, no, no. It's not! It's not my mom. It belonged to mom. Yeah, no, she used to put it out every Christmas to remind us, that even though it's Christmas, people still die. And, you can put candy in it. [line_index=11; stage=She grabs the skull, pulls out a stick of licorice, and takes a bite.]
- Ross: Hey! [line_index=12; stage=entering]
- All: Hey! [line_index=13]
- Monica: Licorice? [line_index=14; stage=Offering Ross the skull]
- Ross: Sure! Hey, I just found out, I get Ben for the holidays this year. [line_index=15; stage=Thinking it over Takes one]
- All: Ohh! That's great! [line_index=16]
- Monica: Are you gonna dress up as Santa? [line_index=17]
- Ross: Nope. I mean, I know Susan does every year, but I think I wanna take this year to teach him all about Hanukkah. [line_index=18]
- Phoebe: And maybe I could teach Ben about the Christmas skull and how people die. [line_index=19]
- Rachel: You may need to use this year to teach Ben about Phoebe. [line_index=20]
- Ross: Hmm. [line_index=21]

## Scene s07e10_sc02 | Monica
Description: Joey comes out of the bathroom reading a newspaper

- Joey: Hey. [line_index=0; stage=He exits]
- Rachel: Did you know he was in there? [line_index=1; stage=to Monica]
- Monica: No. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: How long have we been home? [line_index=3]
- Monica: About a half an hour. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Love ly! [line_index=5]

## Scene s07e10_sc03 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Chandler is getting a cup of coffee and sits down next to Monica.

- Chandler: Hey, you know what I was thinking? When we get married, are you gonna change your last name to Bing? [line_index=0]
- Monica: No. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Why not? [line_index=2]
- Monica: Bing's weird. [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Oh, hey, you guys! [line_index=4; stage=entering]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=5]
- Monica: Hey! [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Hey. Guess what! My landlord just called and my apartment is gonna get ready soon, so I guess I'll be moving out. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Ahh, Phoebe, I'm gonna miss you! [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Yes, you will be very sad. All right, well I gotta go tell Rachel the good news. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Ohh! You guys gonna be living together again? [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Yeah, why not? [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Well, she's just so much fun with Joey, I just assumed, she'd still be living with him. [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Why do you think, she's having so much fun living with Joey? [line_index=13]
- Chandler: No reason, except…she…told…me. [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: Really? So she said, she didn’t wanna live with me anymore? [line_index=15]
- Chandler: No! No, she didn't say that. I-I-I think you should talk to Monica now. [line_index=16]
- Monica: Phoebe, don't worry about it. I'm sure she wants to live with you. [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: You're sure? You're absolutely sure? [line_index=18]
- Monica: Well, no. But, um, I bet she probably does. [line_index=19]
- Phoebe: Probably? Yeah, I don't like that word. Kind of what ‘probably’ really means. Yeah, uh-huh. Yeah, oh, "Your mom probably won't kill herself," y’know? I'm sorry, but I'm not hanging all my hopes of Rachel and I living together on-on "Probably!" Y’know? You gotta take care of yourselves! In this world history teaches us nothing! [line_index=20; stage=Chandler and Monica look surprised She starts to walk out Exits]
- Chandler: Bing doesn't seem so weird now, does it? [line_index=21]

## Scene s07e10_sc04 | Joey and Rachel’s
Description: Joey and Rachel’s, Joey is sitting behind a red drum set.

- Rachel: Hey! [line_index=0; stage=entering]
- Joey: Hey! Great, you’re home! Guess what Phoebe got me for Christmas! [line_index=1]

## Scene s07e10_sc05 | Starts drumming
Description: Starts drumming.

- Rachel: Drums? [line_index=0]
- Joey: No! Drums! [line_index=1; emotions=anger; stage=yelling]

## Scene s07e10_sc06 | Michelle's
Description: Michelle's , Chandler and Monica enter.

- Chandler: Hi, could we get two burritos to go, please? [line_index=0; stage=to the Maitre d' Laughs.]
- Monica: I'm sorry. But not that sorry, 'cause you don't have to live with it. Um, we have a reservation under the name Chandler Bing. [line_index=1]
- Maitre d': Oh-kay, we'll have a table for you in about 45 minutes. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Forty-five minutes? We have tickets to the Musicman [line_index=3]
- at 8: 00. [line_index=4]
- Maitre d': I'm sorry. Christmas is a very busy time, sir. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Is this because of the burrito thing? [line_index=6]
- Monica: You need to give him money. [line_index=7; stage=pulling Chandler away from the Maitre d']
- Chandler: Give him money? It was a joke! [line_index=8]
- Monica: No, to get a table! Places like are always shakin’ you down. Everybody wants to be paid off. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Right, calm down, O'Mally. I'll slip him some money. [line_index=10]
- Monica: You've got to be smooth about it. [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Hey, I can be smooth. Listen, we're a little bit in a hurry, so, if you can get us a table a little quicker, I'd appreciate it. [line_index=12; stage=Walks back to the Maitre d', very smoothly Shakes his hand]
- Maitre d': Of course, sir. [line_index=13]
- Chandler: Okay. [line_index=14; stage=Walks back to Monica]
- Monica: How did it go? [line_index=15]
- Chandler: Had the money in the wrong hand. [line_index=16; stage=Shows her his left hand with the money in it]

## Scene s07e10_sc07 | Ross's apartment
Description: Ross's apartment, Ross is whirling Ben around.

- Ross: Wooooooo, hehehe. Hey, ahh, you don't feel like you're gonna throw up, do ya? [line_index=0]
- Ben: No. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Well, I do, so let's... So, Ben, you uh, you know what holiday is coming up, don't ya? [line_index=2; stage=Ben and Ross sit down on the couch]
- Ben: Christmas. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Yep, and you know what other holiday is coming up? [line_index=4]
- Ben: Christmas eve. [line_index=5]
- Ross: Yes, but also Hanukkah! See, you're part Jewish, and-and Hanukkah is a Jewish holiday. [line_index=6; stage=Pauses to let Ben answer, but he doesn’t.]
- Ben: Santa has reindeers that can fly! [line_index=7]
- Ross: Right, um, but, on Hanukkah, Hanukkah is a celebration of a miracle. See, years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees. [line_index=8]
- Ben: Jingle bells, jingle bells ... [line_index=9; stage=singing]
- Ross: Okay, that's right, yes, but on Hanukkah, uh, we sing, uh Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay . [line_index=10; stage=interrupts him Sings]
- Ben: Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer ... [line_index=11; stage=singing]
- Ross: Okay, it's not a contest. [line_index=12; stage=interrupts him again]
- Ben: When is Santa coming? [line_index=13]
- Ross: Well, how about this year, instead of Santa, we have fun celebrating Hanukkah? [line_index=14]
- Ben: No Santa? Was I bad? [line_index=15]
- Ross: No! Oh, no-no-no. Hey, you weren't bad, you've been very good, Ben. [line_index=16]
- Ben: Santa's mad at me. [line_index=17]
- Ross: No, hey-hey, come on, Ben, Santa is not mad at you, okay? Hey, you're-you're his favorite little guy! [line_index=18; stage=He grabs Ben and sits him on his lap]
- Ben: So Santa's coming? [line_index=19]
- Ross: Yes! Santa's coming! [line_index=20; stage=disappointed]

## Scene s07e10_sc08 | Michelle's
Description: Michelle's , Chandler and Monica are discussing how to bribe the Maitre d'.

- Monica: It's easy! Just keep it casual! Give him a kind word, shake his hand and give him the money! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: How do you know so much about this? [line_index=1]
- Monica: I don't know. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Richard used to do it, didn't he? [line_index=3]
- Monica: We'd be eating our soup right now. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Mustached bastard… [line_index=5]
- Monica: Okay, those people just left, come on! Quick! Give him the money and get their table! [line_index=6; stage=sees two people exit]
- Chandler: Excuse me... [line_index=7; stage=walks up to the Maitre d']
- Male Guest: Good evening. [line_index=8; stage=to the Maitre d' Shakes his hand]
- Chandler: Ahh-hahaha! [line_index=9; stage=finds his money Turns around to give the Maitre d' his money, but he isn't there anymore]

## Scene s07e10_sc09 | The Hallway
Description: The Hallway, Phoebe comes up the stairs and hears drumming coming from Joey and Rachel's, so she enters smiling and then sees that Rachel, not Joey, is the one playing.

- Rachel: Ha! [line_index=0; stage=stopping at Phoebe’s entrance]
- Phoebe: So you like the drums! That's, that's great! Y’know, I was worried, that, you know, they would maybe an unbearable living situation. All right, okay, well, apparently not! So, yay! [line_index=1]
- Joey: Hey-hey, Pheebs, check it out, we already learned a song. Ready? One, two, three, four... [line_index=2; stage=To Rachel]
- Phoebe: That's fun. [line_index=3; stage=She exits disappointedly.]

## Scene s07e10_sc10 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Gunther is serving Chandler and Monica coffee.

- Gunther: Here you go. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Thank you Gunther, put it there. Definitely not easier with coins. Thank you. [line_index=1; stage=He gets up, and shakes Gunther's hand. A bunch of coins fall out his hand. He sits down next to Monica. Joey gets up and picks up the coins. Chandler thinks, Joey is just helping him to pick them up.]
- Joey: Thank you. Hey Pheebs! [line_index=2; stage=He gets up and puts on his jacket. Phoebe enters]
- Phoebe: Hey! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Here. Now I only owe you $49.50. [line_index=4; stage=Gives her the coins]
- Chandler: Hey Pheebs! [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Hey! [line_index=6; stage=she sits down next to him]
- Chandler: If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a vile of small pox to release in the hallway? [line_index=7]
- Monica: It's not just the drum noise. Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye! Oh god, my eye!" I mean, it is so annoying. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Yes, thank you. You see, this is how normal people are supposed to react to drums. [line_index=9]
- Monica: Phoebe, you got Joey drums to annoy Rachel, so she wouldn't wanna live there anymore? [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Maybe on some level. [line_index=11]

## Scene s07e10_sc11 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey and Rachel's, Joey is sitting behind the drums wearing safety goggles, hitting them with his sticks as Rachel watches.

- Rachel: Joey, y’know that you could just not throw the sticks up in the air. [line_index=0]
- Joey: What is Rock 'n' Roll about that? [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Hey, Joey, I got you another present. [line_index=2; stage=entering with an aquarium covered by a towel She puts it on the counter]
- Joey: Oh wait, before you tell me what it is! Okay, what is it? [line_index=3; stage=He plays a drum-roll]
- Phoebe: It's a…tarantula! Oh! God! Rachel, look, I'm sorry. What was I thinking giving Joey this big, gross, scary spider in such a poorly constructed cage? [line_index=4; stage=Joey almost falls down from his drum-stool jumping up]
- Rachel: What are you talking about? I love them! Yeah, I had a tarantula when I was a kid. But it-it died, because my cat ate it. And then, then my cat died. But Joey, isn't this cool? [line_index=5; stage=Looks into the cage]
- Joey: Is it on me? I feel, I feel like it's on me! I got, hey! [line_index=6; stage=He storms into his room]
- Rachel: Oh, isn't that adorable? Joey is afraid of the tarantula. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Ah, yeah, he's so adorable, God, he's just so much fun, Joey is the best, I'm glad you're having so much fun here. [line_index=8; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastic She turns around, about to leave]
- Rachel: What? Wait-wait a minute, what? Phoebe, what's the matter? [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Our apartment is ready. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: And that makes you angry because… [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Because you would rather live here with Joey. [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Where did you get that? [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: Monica and Chandler said that you were having so much fun here. And apparently no amount of drums or tarantulas is gonna change that. [line_index=14]
- Rachel: Phoebe? [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Hm? [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Did you get all this stuff for Joey to try and drive me out of the apartment? Honey, if you wanted to do that, you might as well just gotten him a fish, you know how fish freaked me out! [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: Fish! [line_index=18; stage=nods along]
- Rachel: It wouldn't have mattered anyway, Phoebe, you and I are, are gonna live together, we're roommates; that's the deal. [line_index=19]
- Phoebe: Yes, but I wanted you to want to live with me, but okay, if you're having so much fun over here… [line_index=20]
- Rachel: Oh, it's so much more fun with you. [line_index=21]
- Phoebe: We did have fun, didn't we? [line_index=22]
- Rachel: We did! [line_index=23]
- Phoebe: Oh, anyway, they say, if we want, we can see it tonight. [line_index=24]
- Rachel: Oh, I would love to! [line_index=25]
- Phoebe: Yay, okay! [line_index=26]
- Rachel: Good, good, good, good, good. [line_index=27; stage=She runs to the drums and gets the sticks]
- Phoebe: Great, all right, okay, and Monica ask me to make the drumming stop. [line_index=28]
- Rachel: Um... Done! [line_index=29; stage=with the sticks in her hands She goes to the tarantula-cage and puts the sticks into it]

## Scene s07e10_sc12 | Halloween Adventure
Description: Halloween Adventure , a costume shop, there is a salesman behind the counter, Ross enters.

- Ross: Hey! [line_index=0]
- Salesman: Hello, Sir. You're here to return those pants? [line_index=1]
- Ross: No, these are my pants. [line_index=2]
- Salesman: Oh. Okay! How can I help you? [line_index=3]
- Ross: Well, uh, do you have a Santa-outfit left? [line_index=4]
- Salesman: Two days before Christmas? Sorry, man. [line_index=5]
- Ross: Okay look, do-do, you have anything Christmassy? I promised my son, and I really don't want to disappoint him, um, come on, I…uh, you gotta have something. [line_index=6]

## Scene s07e10_sc13 | Monica
Description: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Monica has just opened the door for Ross who is costumed as an Armadillo. Ben is standing next to her.

- Ross: I'm the holiday armadillo! I'm a friend of Santa's and he sent me here to wish you a Merry Christmas! [line_index=0; stage=Points to Ben]
- Monica: What happened to Santa, Holiday Armadillo? [line_index=1]
- Ross: Santa was unavailable so close to Christmas. [line_index=2; stage=to Monica]
- Monica: Wow, come in, have a seat. You must be exhausted coming all the way from…Texas. [line_index=3]
- Ben: Texas? [line_index=4]
- Ross: That's right, Ben. I'm Santa's representative for all the southern states. And Mexico! But, Santa sent me here to give you these presents, Ben. Maybe the Lady will help me with these presents. [line_index=5; stage=He tries to bend down to pick up the bag with the presents, but can't because of the costume]
- Ben: Wow! Thanks! [line_index=6]
- Ross: You're welcome, Ben. Merry Christmas, ooh, and Happy Hanukkah! [line_index=7]
- Ben: Are you for Hanukkah, too? Because I'm part-Jewish. [line_index=8]
- Ross: You are? Me, too! [line_index=9; stage=gasps]
- Monica: Because Armadillos also wandered in the desert? [line_index=10]
- Ross: You wanna wander in the hall? Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about the festival of lights? [line_index=11; stage=to Monica to Ben]
- Ben: Cool! [line_index=12]
- Ross: Yeah! [line_index=13]
- Monica: Come on Ben. [line_index=14]
- Ross: Years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees... [line_index=15]
- Chandler: Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas! [line_index=16; stage=entering in a Santa costume]
- Ben: Santa! [line_index=17; stage=Runs to Chandler and hugs him]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=18; stage=Grunts as Ben hits him at full speed.]
- Ross: What are you doing here, Santa? [line_index=19]
- Chandler: Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird…turtle-man? [line_index=20]
- Ross: I'm the Holiday Armadillo, your part-Jewish friend. You sent me here to give Ben some presents. Remember? [line_index=21]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=22]
- Ben: Did you bring me any presents, Santa? [line_index=23]
- Chandler: You bet I did, Ben, put it there! Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small! Ho, ho, ho! [line_index=24; stage=He shakes Ben's hand, but the money falls out of his hands to Monica Realizes, that Ben is standing right there]
- Monica: Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence, I never thought I'd say. [line_index=25]
- Ross: What are you doing? [line_index=26; stage=to Chandler]
- Chandler: You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work! [line_index=27]
- Ross: Thank you, but, but you gotta leave. [line_index=28]
- Chandler: Why? [line_index=29]
- Ross: Because, I'm finally getting him excited about Hanukkah, and, and you're-you’re wrecking it. [line_index=30]
- Chandler: But I didn't get to shape my belly like a bowl full of jelly. [line_index=31]
- Ross: I'm sorry, Chandler but this, this is really important to me. [line_index=32]
- Chandler: Fine, I'll give the suit back. [line_index=33]
- Monica: Hey, you think, you can keep it another night? [line_index=34; stage=to Chandler She has a really teasing look on her face and keeps twirling Chandler's beard.]
- Chandler: Santa? Really? [line_index=35]
- Monica: Yes, is that okay? [line_index=36]
- Chandler: Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa? [line_index=37]
- Monica: No. [line_index=38]
- Chandler: Then it's okay! [line_index=39; stage=They kiss.]
- Ross: Okay Ben, Santa has to go. Say good-bye! [line_index=40]
- Ben: No! Why does he have to go? [line_index=41]
- Chandler: Because, if Santa and the Holiday…Armadillo? ...are ever in the same room for too long the universe will implode. Merry Christmas! [line_index=42; stage=Ross nods]
- Ben: No! Why can't the Armadillo leave? I want Santa! [line_index=43]
- Ross: Fine, I-I give up. Santa, Santa can stay. [line_index=44]
- Chandler: Well, I'll stay, but only because I wanna hear about Hanukkah. Ben, will you sit here with Santa and learn about Hanukkah? [line_index=45]
- Ben: Okay, Santa! [line_index=46]

## Scene s07e10_sc14 | Monica
Description: Ross mouths to Chandler, "Thank you," and he mouths, "You’re welcome," back.

- Ross: All right, it's time for the story of Hanukkah. Years and years ago, there were these people called the Maccabees. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Merry Christmas! [line_index=1; stage=entering wearing a Superman costume]

## Scene s07e10_sc15 | Phoebe and Rachel's
Description: Phoebe and Rachel's, they are entering to check out the newly refurbished apartment.

- Rachel: Oh wow! Look at this place! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh, this is terrible. Oh, they’ve made so many changes I can’t even feel my grandmother’s presence anymore—Ooh! New sconces! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh my God! [line_index=2; emotions=anger; stage=yelling from another room]
- Phoebe: What? [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Okay, remember uh, remember how you told me that your grandmother put up that wall to make that into two bedrooms? [line_index=4; stage=returning]
- Phoebe: Yeah? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: And remember how you always said you were afraid the landlord would find out and then tear it down? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Yeah? [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Do you really not know where I’m going with this? It left! It’s one huge room! [line_index=8; stage=Phoebe nods, "No."]
- Phoebe: Oh no! Oh! Wow!!! [line_index=9; emotions=joy; stage=She runs to see. Running back, excitedly]
- Rachel: See? [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Well, I guess we’ll just have to put the wall back up. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: You can’t, because of the new skylight! [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: There’s a skylight?! Wow!! [line_index=13; stage=Runs to see and yells from the bedroom.]
- Rachel: So what should we do? Should we start looking for a new place? [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: Y’know I’m-I’m sensing that um, my grandmother would not be comfortable with that. [line_index=15; stage=returning slowly]
- Rachel: Oh yeah? Startin’ to feel her again there are we? [line_index=16]
- Phoebe: A little bit, yeah. [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Pheebs is your grandmother maybe saying that you should live here alone? [line_index=18]
- Phoebe: You heard her too?! You have the gift! [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Phoebe, it’s okay. I like living with Joey. [line_index=20]
- Phoebe: Are you sure? [line_index=21]
- Rachel: Oh please, I hate packing, it’s closer to work, and we do have fun. Although, I’m really gonna miss living with you. [line_index=22]
- Phoebe: Oh me too. [line_index=23]
- Rachel: I know. Oh-oh, wait did you hear that-hear that? Listen, I’m gettin’ something from your grandmother, she said that since you get to keep the one bedroom apartment you should give Rachel the purple chair? [line_index=24; stage=They hug.]
- Phoebe: No, I do not hear that. [line_index=25]

## Scene s07e10_sc16 | Monica
Description: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's, Santa (Chandler), Superman (Joey), Ben, and Monica are listening to the Holiday Armadillo (Ross) finish telling the story of Hanukkah.

- Ross: …and the miracle was that that little bit of oil that should’ve just lasted just one day, burned for… [line_index=0]
- Ben: Eight whole days. [line_index=1; stage=answering him]
- Ross: That’s right, and that’s why we celebrate Hanukkah today. The end. [line_index=2]
- Ben: Awesome! [line_index=3]
- Ross: Yeah? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: My favorite part was when Superman flew all the Jews out of Egypt. [line_index=5; stage=Glaring at Joey who’s nodding.]
- Ross: The Armadillo was actually not so thrilled about that part! Okay Ben, it’s time to light the Hanukkah candles! [line_index=6; stage=Santa, Superman , Monica, Ben, and the Holiday Armadillo go over to the menorah to light the candles.]
- Rachel: Hey! [line_index=7; stage=entering with Phoebe]
- Phoebe: Oh. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Wow! It looks like the Easter Bunny’s funeral in here. [line_index=9; stage=seeing the collection of characters.]
- Ross: Come on, come on, we’re-we’re-we’re lighting the candles! [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Oh. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Oh. [line_index=12]

## Scene s07e10_sc17 | Monica
Description: They both go over to light the candles.

- Phoebe: Okay, I understand why Superman is here, but why is there a porcupine at the Easter Bunny’s funeral? [line_index=0]

## Scene s07e10_sc18 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel is closing the door on the tarantula cage.

- Rachel: I got it! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Is it back in the cage? [line_index=1; emotions=anger; stage=yelling from the bedroom]
- Rachel: Its back in cage! [line_index=2]
- Joey: Cage closed? [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Joey, would you just come out here and stop being such a baby! [line_index=4]

## Scene s07e10_sc19 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey throws open his door and stands there still in the Superman costume then slowly makes his way to the bathroom while keeping both eyes on the cage.
