---
episode_id: s07e20
title: The One With Rachel’s Big Kiss
season: 7
episode: 20
---

# S07E20 The One With Rachel’s Big Kiss

## Scene s07e20_sc01 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Joey, Monica, and Rachel are sitting on the couch and Ross is sitting on the chair, and they’re all talking.

- Rachel: Hey! Out of all of us, who do you think is gonna get married next? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Probably Monica and Chandler. [line_index=1]

## Scene s07e20_sc02 | Central Perk
Description: A woman walks up to Gunther in the background.

- Woman: Hi. Could I have a pack of Newport Lights , please? [line_index=0; stage=to Gunther]
- Gunther: Oh umm, uh we don’t sell cigarettes, but they have them at the newsstand across the street. [line_index=1; stage=Points.]
- Woman: That’d be great, thanks. [line_index=2; stage=Gunther goes and gets them.]
- Rachel: Oh my God, Melissa Warburton. I don’t think I have the energy for this. [line_index=3; stage=to the gang]
- Melissa: Oh my God! Ray-ray Green?! [line_index=4; stage=Gasps when she notices Rachel Screams]
- Rachel: Melissa! [line_index=5; stage=screaming]
- Melissa: You have been M.I.A for the past seven sorority newsletters, what’s up with you?! [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Wh——Why don’t I tell you over here? [line_index=7; stage=Turns and looks at the gang who’s staring She walks Melissa away from the gang.]
- Melissa: So last I heard you were gonna get married. Oh poor Ray-ray. [line_index=8; stage=Grabs Rachel’s hand and notices that she doesn’t have a ring on it. Sadly]
- Rachel: Oh no-no, no! It’s good! It’s all good! I-I actually work at Ralph Lauren ! [line_index=9]
- Melissa: Shut up! [line_index=10]
- Rachel: I will not! I’m the divisional head of men’s sportswear! [line_index=11]
- Melissa: Oh shut up more! Now, are you friends with Ralph? [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Oh please… [line_index=13]
- Melissa: Are you?! [line_index=14; emotions=joy; stage=excitedly]
- Rachel: No. [line_index=15]
- Melissa: Listen, we-we have to have dinner. What-what are you doing tomorrow night? [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Oh tomorrow, oh I don’t know. Um… [line_index=17]
- Melissa: You do now. You’re having dinner with me. [line_index=18]
- Rachel: Shut up. [line_index=19]
- Melissa: I-I’ve got to go. This has been so great Ray-ray! Oh, there you are. Umm, so listen, just call me. Here’s my card. [line_index=20; stage=Gunther returns with her cigarettes. Takes them from Gunther. To Rachel Hands the card over.]
- Rachel: Oh, wow thanks! Oh you’re in real estate! [line_index=21; stage=Reading the card]
- Melissa: Oh no, that’s-that’s an old card. Umm, I wanted to get out of that and-and do something where I can really help people and-and make a difference. [line_index=22]
- Rachel: Wow! What do you do now? [line_index=23]
- Melissa: I’m a party planner. I’ll see you tomorrow. [line_index=24; stage=quietly Exits.]
- Rachel: Okay! [line_index=25; stage=Joins the rest of the gang.]
- Joey: Hey guys! Look who’s back! It’s Ray-ray! [line_index=26]
- Rachel: Shut up that was my friend Melissa from college. [line_index=27]
- Ross: She seems really , really fun! [line_index=28]
- Rachel: She’s actually very sweet and we used to be very close. [line_index=29]
- Monica: Wait a minute, she isn’t… She’s not the one who you… [line_index=30]
- Joey: Who you what? Who you what?! [line_index=31; emotions=joy; stage=excitedly]
- Rachel: Yes. [line_index=32; stage=To Monica]
- Monica: Wow! [line_index=33]
- Joey: Wow? Wow what?! Wow what?! Who you—what?!! [line_index=34; emotions=joy; stage=excitedly]
- Rachel: It’s not a big deal! [line_index=35]
- Monica: They were lovers. [line_index=36; stage=To Joey]
- Ross: What?! [line_index=37]
- Joey: What?! [line_index=38]
- Rachel: No we weren’t! It was nothing! It was one night, senior year we went to a party, had a lot of sangria and y’know, ended up…kissing for a bit. [line_index=39]
- Ross: So that’s two of my wives. [line_index=40]

## Scene s07e20_sc03 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is working on the seating chart while Chandler looks on and Rachel reads.

- Monica: Okay so this is where the band is. And this is where the bar is. And all these pins have people’s names on them. And Rach, here you are. [line_index=0; stage=telling Chandler the seating arrangement Points. Points She has pins to show the seating at each of the tables. Points to Rachel’s place.]
- Rachel: Oh wow. Why don’t we just take me and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute bartender. These pins aren’t for playing are they? [line_index=1; stage=Grabs her pin Puts her pin at the bar and laughs. Monica just glares at her.]
- Monica: Okay, the red ones are my guests and the blue ones are yours. [line_index=2; stage=To Chandler]
- Chandler: This is so sad. I mean, I only have like ten pins. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Chandler, relax it’s not a contest. Certainly not a close one. [line_index=4; stage=To Rachel]
- Joey: Hello! [line_index=5; stage=entering]
- Rachel: Hey! [line_index=6]
- Joey: Hey Rach. [line_index=7; stage=Stares at her.]
- Rachel: Stop picturing it!! [line_index=8]
- Monica: Okay, I think that’s it. The seating chart is done. This is our wedding. They all look like they’re having fun don’t they? [line_index=9]
- Joey: Hey, so where are my parents gonna be? [line_index=10]
- Monica: Oh! Let’s see, well…if this is the wedding hall then umm you’re parents will be at home in Queens. [line_index=11; stage=Gets up Walks away]
- Joey: What they’re not invited?! Oh no, that’s terrible! They’re gonna be crushed! [line_index=12]
- Monica: Why would they think they’re invited? [line_index=13]
- Joey: You got me. I don’t… [line_index=14; stage=looking around]
- Monica: Joey! [line_index=15]
- Joey: Well, I’m sorry. I thought parents were coming! Y’know? Your parents are comin’! Chandler’s parents are comin’! Ross’s parents are comin’! [line_index=16]
- Monica: Ross’s parents are my parents! [line_index=17]
- Joey: Well-well—see? Parents are comin’! [line_index=18]
- Chandler: Y’know I think we should invite them. [line_index=19]
- Monica: Oh please, you just want more blue pins. [line_index=20]
- Chandler: Well this is just sad! [line_index=21]
- Monica: All right, all right. Maybe I can fit them in if I just do some rearranging. But uh, Rachel may actually have to sit at the bar! [line_index=22]
- Rachel: That is not a problem. [line_index=23]
- Joey: Maybe you’ll order a little sangria? [line_index=24; stage=leaning down to her]
- Rachel: Oh, get out of here! [line_index=25; stage=Jumps back and walks away.]

## Scene s07e20_sc04 | Ralph Lauren
Description: Ralph Lauren , Rachel is showing Chandler the selection of tuxedos.

- Rachel: So now, these are all the tuxedos that we make and if there’s anything that you like, we can make you a deal. Anything at all. But these are the three that Monica pre-approved. [line_index=0; stage=motioning to a rack Grabs a few]
- Chandler: Well, thanks a lot for hookin’ me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I’m Monica’s maid of honor. Okay? Don’t try to blue pin me! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Well, what’s the deal with these? These-these look nice. [line_index=3; stage=sees another rack]
- Rachel: Oh they are nice. We-we custom-make tuxedos for celebrities and then when they’re done with them they just send ‘em back. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: You mean like for award shows? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Some of them. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "You are you wearing?! You look fabulous!" [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Honey, might I suggest watching a little more ESPN and a little less E! ? [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Okay, who wore those? [line_index=9; stage=Points to the tuxedos.]
- Rachel: Umm, well let’s see uh, this one is Tom Brokaw. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Not bad. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: This one is uh Paul O’Neil. [line_index=12; stage=reading a tag]
- Chandler: Who’s that? [line_index=13]
- Rachel: He plays for the Yankees. Seriously, ESPN ! Just once and a while, have it on in the background. Ooh, this one was Pierce Brosnan! [line_index=14; stage=Chandler nods and Rachel grabs another tux]
- Chandler: Pierce Brosnan? [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Uh-huh. [line_index=16]
- Chandler: Are you serious? [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=18]
- Chandler: 007?! This is James Bond’s tux?! [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=20]
- Chandler: Oh, I have to get married in James Bond’s tux! [line_index=21]
- Rachel: It’s a pretty cool tux. [line_index=22]
- Chandler: Oh, it’s not just that, I would be England’s most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her majesty’s secret service. A man who fears no one; with a license to kill. Would Monica let me wear this? [line_index=23; emotions=anxiety; stage=Worried.]

## Scene s07e20_sc05 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Phoebe are moving chess pieces around on the board and hitting the timer at random.

- Joey: We should really learn how to play the real way. [line_index=0; stage=Moves another piece.]
- Phoebe: I like our way. Oh! Chess! [line_index=1; stage=Grabs a piece and jumps a bunch of Joey’s like in Checkers.]
- Joey: Nice move. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Yeah. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Hey! [line_index=4; stage=entering]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Hey! [line_index=6]
- Rachel: So Joey I just hooked Ross and Chandler up with some tuxedos for the wedding, do you need one? [line_index=7]
- Joey: No, I’m performing the ceremony. I’m not wearing a tux. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Well, what are you going to wear? [line_index=9]
- Joey: Multi-colored robes! Ooh, and maybe a hat. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Huh. Does Monica know about this? [line_index=11]
- Joey: I don’t think so. [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Can I please be there when you tell her? [line_index=13; stage=Joey nods yes.]
- Phoebe: Hey oh, Rach wait! Do you want to go to a movie tonight? [line_index=14]
- Rachel: Oh, y’know what? I can’t. I have to have dinner with that Melissa girl. [line_index=15]
- Joey: Can I come?! I won’t even talk! You’ll just hear the noise from my video camera. [line_index=16; emotions=joy; stage=excitedly]
- Phoebe: What is this? What’s going on? [line_index=17]
- Joey: Oh good! Can I tell her?! Can I tell her?! [line_index=18]
- Rachel: Well, do you want to hear what actually happened or Joey’s lewd version? [line_index=19]
- Phoebe: Joey’s! [line_index=20]
- Joey: Okay… [line_index=21]
- Rachel: Hey, come on! I had this friend from college and I made the stupid mistake of telling Joey that one time…she and I y’know…kissed a little bit. [line_index=22]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I’m sure that happened. [line_index=23; stage=laughs]
- Rachel: It-it did! [line_index=24]
- Phoebe: Sure! [line_index=25]
- Joey: Hey. It happened! [line_index=26; stage=Laughs then seriously]
- Rachel: Yeah, it was senior year in college. It was after the Sigma Chi luau and Melissa and I got very drunk! And we ended up kissing! For several minutes! [line_index=27]
- Phoebe: Which means she had a couple spritzers and a quick peck on the cheek. [line_index=28; stage=To Joey]
- Joey: Why are you taking this away from me? [line_index=29]
- Rachel: Yeah, why is it so hard for you to believe?! [line_index=30]
- Phoebe: Okay! I just—I didn’t know that you are a lesbian. [line_index=31; stage=Joey smiles and nods lewdly.]
- Rachel: I’m not saying that I’m a lesbian! I’m just saying that this happened! [line_index=32]
- Phoebe: Okay, it just seems pretty wild and you’re so—y’know so…vanilla. [line_index=33]
- Rachel: Vanilla?! [line_index=34; stage=shocked]
- Phoebe: Yeah. [line_index=35]
- Rachel: I’m not vanilla! I’ve done lots of crazy things! I mean I got-I got drunk and married in Vegas! [line_index=36]
- Phoebe: To Ross. [line_index=37]
- Rachel: All right, y’know what? If you don’t want to believe me about this, why don’t you just come with me to dinner tonight and she will tell you. [line_index=38]
- Phoebe: Okay! All right! Yeah! ‘Cause I just can’t picture it. [line_index=39]
- Joey: Oh-ho, you should get inside my head. [line_index=40]

## Scene s07e20_sc06 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Chandler is on the couch reading as Ross enters carrying a garment bag.

- Ross: Hey! Guess what I got for your wedding! [line_index=0; stage=Holding up his garment bag.]
- Chandler: A freakish thin date with a hanger for her head? [line_index=1]
- Ross: No. Rachel hooked me up with a tux! But not just any tux, Batman’s tux! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=3]
- Ross: That’s right! Made expressly for Val Kilmer and worn by him in the hit film…that Batman film he was in. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: You can’t wear that! I’m wearing the famous tux! James Bond’s tux! [line_index=5]
- Ross: So? [line_index=6]
- Chandler: So—If you wear that you’ll make mine less special. [line_index=7]
- Ross: Well, you need something to make this day special? Hello! You-you-you have the most special thing of all! You are marrying the woman you love. [line_index=8]

## Scene s07e20_sc07 | Chandler mimics him
Description: Chandler mimics him.

- Chandler: Please, don’t take away my cool thing. Please?! Pretty please?! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Pretty please? Not very uh, 007. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Look, it’s my wedding day okay? If you were getting married I would never do anything to upset you. [line_index=2]
- Ross: When I got married you slept with my sister. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: That was pretty 007. [line_index=4]

## Scene s07e20_sc08 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is still working on the seating chart as Joey enters.

- Joey: Hey. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Hey. Oh good-good you’re here! All right, I figured it out. I’m gonna take two tables of eight, I’m gonna add your parents, and I’m gonna turn them into three tables of six. Okay? And I called the caterer; I added two extra meals, we are good to go! [line_index=1]
- Joey: Yeah, they’re not coming. [line_index=2]
- Monica: What?! [line_index=3; stage=looking at him]
- Joey: Somehow they got the idea that you only invited them because of me. They…feel a little unwanted. [line_index=4]
- Monica: Oh that’s too bad. It’s true, but too bad. [line_index=5]
- Joey: Look Mon, if you could just call my mom… [line_index=6]
- Monica: Oh Joey! [line_index=7]
- Joey: Come on! Look just-just tell—let her know that you really want them to be there. Let’s not forget, this is a woman that has sent you many lasagnas over the years. [line_index=8]
- Monica: No she hasn’t. [line_index=9]
- Joey: Is it her fault that some of them didn’t make it to you? [line_index=10]
- Monica: Well, what am I going to say? [line_index=11]
- Joey: I don’t know. Just uh, just tell ‘em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or—No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don’t think you can blame it on them so… [line_index=12; stage=He dials the phone and hands it to Monica.]
- Monica: Hello? Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani? Hi, this is Monica Geller. Yeah I’m just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a bunch of invitations that we sent weren’t delivered. Umm, I guess there was some screw up at the damn post office! T-Tell me about it! Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office! What are they Irish?! [line_index=13; stage=on phone Listens Listens Listens Joey nods his approval. Listens Listens Listens Joey gives her a thumbs up.]

## Scene s07e20_sc09 | A restaurant
Description: A restaurant, Melissa, Rachel, and Phoebe are talking.

- Melissa: …anyway, his name is Allan and we’ve been going out for three years. He was my first client when I became a party planner. He was planning a party for his girlfriend at the time. Oh well. And he was Theta Beta Pi at Syracuse. [line_index=0; stage=Rachel and Phoebe politely laugh]
- Rachel: Oh. Oh, that’s great! [line_index=1]
- Melissa: Hmm Phoebe, were you ever in a sorority? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Of course! Yeah, I was uh, umm Thigh Mega Tampon. [line_index=3]
- Melissa: What one? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Yeah! Y’know, we were really huge too, but then they had to shut us down when Regina Philange died of alcohol poisoning. [line_index=5]
- Melissa: Oh, isn’t a shame when one girl ruins it for the whole bunch? [line_index=6]

## Scene s07e20_sc10 | Phoebe agrees by grunting
Description: Phoebe agrees by grunting.

- Rachel: Anyway, speaking of drinking too much. I was uh, tellin’ Phoebe about that one crazy night after the Sigma Chi luau where you and I uh, we made out. [line_index=0; stage=changing the subject]
- Melissa: What? [line_index=1; stage=shocked]
- Rachel: Remember?! We—come on both had the sarongs on, and we had the-the coconut bikini tops… [line_index=2]
- Melissa: Yeah? [line_index=3]
- Rachel: …we went back the house and we got really silly and we…we made out. [line_index=4]
- Melissa: Oh wow, Ray-ray I have no idea what you’re talking about. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Really?! [line_index=6]

## Scene s07e20_sc11 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is on the couch as Chandler disgustedly enters.

- Chandler: Ross is Batman! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Well, he did manage to keep his identity secret for a long time. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Rachel got Ross the tuxedo that Val Kilmer wore in Batman. Okay Batman is so much cooler than James Bond! [line_index=2]
- Monica: What are you talking about?! 007 has all those gadgets! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Batman has a utility belt! [line_index=4]
- Monica: 007 has a fancy car! [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Batman has the Batmobile! [line_index=6]
- Monica: 007 gets all the ladies. [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Batman has Robin! We get ESPN right? [line_index=8; stage=Pause]
- Monica: How about you go put on your 007 tuxedo and I’ll make you a nice martini. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Actually, I don’t like martinis. [line_index=10]
- Monica: How about a Youhoo with a funny straw? [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Ooh, yum! [line_index=12; stage=Runs into the bedroom.]
- Joey: Hey. [line_index=13; stage=entering]
- Monica: Hey. [line_index=14]
- Listen, I know the invitation says 6: 00, but does that mean that you want people to get there at six, or the show is gonna start right at six? [line_index=15]
- Monica: The show?! [line_index=16]
- Joey: Right. Right. The wedding, gotcha. But I mean, it’s gonna start a little late right? I mean, weddings start late. Right? [line_index=17]
- Monica: Have you ever been to one of my weddings? [line_index=18]
- Joey: Ah. Yeah. Well look, the thing is it’s the same day as my niece’s christening and I really want my parents to be there in time to see me. ‘Cause my part’s just in the beginning I’m not even in the rest of the show—Wedding! [line_index=19]
- Monica: The wedding starts at six. [line_index=20]
- Joey: Okay. Okay, I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I vamp a little ‘til they get there? [line_index=21]
- Monica: You’ll vamp?! [line_index=22]
- Joey: Yeah! Yeah y’know, like warm up the crowd. Ask ‘em where they’re from. ‘Cause in Joey Tribbiani you get a minister and you get an entertainer. I’m a minis-tainer! There is no one better! There is no one greater! [line_index=23; stage=Rapping]

## Scene s07e20_sc12 | The restaurant
Description: The restaurant, continued from earlier.

- Rachel: How can you not remember us kissing?! [line_index=0]
- Melissa: I don’t know. I don’t remember a lot of things that never happened. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Wh… Come on! Remember? We were on the sleeping porch! We couldn’t stop giggling? And our coconuts kept knockin’ together? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Oh, somewhere Joey’s head is exploding. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Yeah—but come on—Listen, I’m sorry I don’t want to make you uncomfortable, but I told Phoebe that it happened and she doesn’t believe me. [line_index=4]
- Melissa: I’m sorry Ray-ray. I mean if I thought it happened I would say it. Maybe I passed out and you did stuff to me while I was sleeping. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: No!! [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Rachel, it’s okay. You don’t have to do this. I believe you. All right? Okay, if-if you say that you kissed Melissa, then you kissed Melissa. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Thank you Phoebe. [line_index=8]
- Melissa: She didn’t. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: I know. [line_index=10]

## Scene s07e20_sc13 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica and Chandler's, Monica and Chandler are working on the seating chart as Ross enters carrying his tux around.

- Ross: Hey! [line_index=0]
- Monica: You just carry that around? [line_index=1]
- Ross: Yes. I find it to be something of a conversation piece. [line_index=2]
- Monica: Between you and… [line_index=3]
- Ross: Gunther. Hey-hey! Why don’t we put them on? Y’know get a picture of Batman and James Bond together. [line_index=4; stage=To Chandler]
- Chandler: I would but mine doesn’t fit. The pants are a little tight. [line_index=5]
- Monica: A little tight? I could see double-oh and seven in those pants. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Well that stinks. I was looking forward to us wearing our celebrity tuxes together. [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Well, does that mean that you’re not going to wearing yours? [line_index=8]
- Ross: What are you kidding? It’s Batman’s tux!! [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Let me try it on! [line_index=10; stage=standing up]
- Ross: Okay, but just the jacket. Double-oh and seven are not gettin’ in there. [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Okay. Holy double-vented comfort Batman! What’s this? [line_index=12; stage=trying on the jacket Finds something in the pocket]
- Ross: What? [line_index=13]
- Chandler: An invitation for the At First Sight premiere? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didn’t wear this in Batman! He wore it to the premiere of some tooty-fruity love story where he played a blind guy! [line_index=14]
- Ross: Let me see that! Oh man! [line_index=15; stage=Grabs the invitation and reads it.]
- Chandler: The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell. [line_index=16]

## Scene s07e20_sc14 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Hands him the jacket and walks away.

- Joey: Hey! Uh, Monica? Chandler? Can I talk to you guys for a second? [line_index=0; stage=entering]
- Monica: All right that’s it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and scream racial slurs? I don’t care! [line_index=1]
- Joey: No! No, I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents, that was really sweet. They’re so happy they get to be a part of your special day. [line_index=2]
- Monica: Oh. [line_index=3; stage=defeated]
- Chandler: Well, you’re welcome. And tell them we’re really glad they’re coming. [line_index=4]
- Joey: Okay. I will. Ohh! Check out what they got me to wear for the ceremony! Huh? I wear it like this when I marry you guys, and then this is for party time. [line_index=5; stage=Runs to his apartment and returns wearing a rather silly hat. He tilts it to the side of his head]

## Scene s07e20_sc15 | Outside the restaurant
Description: Outside the restaurant, Melissa, Phoebe, and Rachel are emerging.

- Rachel: It happened! I am telling you it happened! [line_index=0]
- Melissa: Okay. Well, it was great meeting you. And uh Rachel, I-I don’t think I’ll be calling you because umm, y’know you’ve gotten weird. Take care you guys. [line_index=1; stage=To Phoebe hails a cab The cab pulls up.]

## Scene s07e20_sc16 | Outside the restaurant
Description: She’s about to get in when…

- Rachel: What?! Wait a minute! No wait a minute! Okay? Look, that night was the one wild thing I have ever done in my entire life, and I’m not gonna let you take that away from me! Okay, so if you don’t remember that, maybe you will remember this! [line_index=0; stage=She does so. She grabs Melissa and kisses her on the lips.]
- Melissa: My God! You love me! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=2; stage=shocked]
- Melissa: Of course I remember our kiss. I think about it all the time. I can still hear the coconuts knockin’ together I… I just didn’t want to tell you ‘cause I didn’t think that you’d return my love, and now that you have… [line_index=3; stage=Phoebe is shocked. Leans in to kiss Rachel.]
- Rachel: Whoa! Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Whoa! Whoa! [line_index=4; stage=moving away]
- Melissa: Aww, look who’s being suddenly shy. You can’t tell me you don’t feel what I feel. Nobody can kiss that good and not mean it. [line_index=5; stage=Goes in again.]
- Rachel: I-I-I-I’m just…I’m just a good kisser! [line_index=6; stage=moves away again]
- Melissa: Shut up! [line_index=7; stage=suddenly frightened]
- Rachel: I’m sorry! [line_index=8]
- Melissa: Oh you don’t have to be sorry. I’m…I’m obviously kidding. I’m not in love with you. I’m not in love with her. I don’t hear coconuts banging together. Yeah, I don’t…picture your face when I make love to my boyfriend. Anyway, I gotta go. Eh…kiss good-bye? No? Okay. [line_index=9; stage=laughs Laughs again To Phoebe Rachel stares at her stunned. Hurries into the cab and drives off.]
- Rachel: Wow! I mean I had no idea that that was gonna… [line_index=10]

## Scene s07e20_sc17 | Outside the restaurant
Description: Suddenly, Phoebe leans in and kisses her on the lips!

- Rachel: What the hell was that?! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: I just wanted to see what all the fuss was about. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: And? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: I’ve had better. [line_index=3]

## Scene s07e20_sc18 | Ralph Lauren
Description: Ralph Lauren , Rachel is hooking Chandler up with another tuxedo.

- Chandler: All right! I found one that fits! [line_index=0; emotions=anger; stage=yelling from the changing room]
- Rachel: Well y’know what they say, the 23 rd time’s the charm. Aww, look at you all handsome! [line_index=1; stage=Chandler enters.]
- Chandler: Whose is it? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh does it matter?! All that matters is that you look so handsome. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Whose is it? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: I don’t want to say. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Oh, come on! I don’t care! Come on! Whose is it? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Diane Keeton. [line_index=7]
