---
episode_id: s08e13
title: The One Where Chandler Takes a Bath
season: 8
episode: 13
---

# S08E13 The One Where Chandler Takes a Bath

## Scene s08e13_sc01 | Joey and Rachel’s
Description: Joey and Rachel’s, Joey is at the counter eating a bowl of Frosted Flakes .


## Scene s08e13_sc02 | Monica and Chandler’s
Description: Monica and Chandler’s, Chandler is sitting on the couch watching TV as Monica comes out of the bathroom.


## Scene s08e13_sc03 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe and Rachel are sitting on the couch. Ross sits down.


## Scene s08e13_sc04 | Monica and Chandler’s
Description: Monica and Chandler’s, Monica comes from the bathroom as Chandler enters.


## Scene s08e13_sc05 | Monica and Chandler’s
Description: Chandler runs into the bathroom


## Scene s08e13_sc06 | The Doctor’s Office
Description: The Doctor’s Office, the doctor is writing something as Rachel is on the table, and Ross is standing.


## Scene s08e13_sc07 | Chandler and Monica’s
Description: Chandler and Monica’s, Monica is entering.


## Scene s08e13_sc08 | Chandler and Monica’s
Description: Monica runs out to Phoebe, who is in the kitchen


## Scene s08e13_sc09 | Monica starts smiling
Description: Monica starts smiling


## Scene s08e13_sc10 | Central perk
Description: Central perk, Ross is sitting on the chair as Rachel walks in.


## Scene s08e13_sc11 | Rachel and Joey’s
Description: Rachel and Joey’s, Joey is sitting on his recliner as Phoebe enters.


## Scene s08e13_sc12 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Rachel is on the couch as Ross enters.


## Scene s08e13_sc13 | Monica and Chandler’s
Description: Monica and Chandler’s, Chandler enters as Monica comes from the bathroom.


## Scene s08e13_sc14 | Monica and Chandler’s
Description: As soon as Monica leaves the room, Chandler takes off his jacket and runs to the bathroom. Monica enters the bathroom to find Chandler in the bathtub.


## Scene s08e13_sc15 | Phoebe enters the bathroom
Description: Phoebe enters the bathroom


## Scene s08e13_sc16 | Phoebe enters the bathroom
Description: They all hug and then turn and look at Chandler


## Scene s08e13_sc17 | Joey and Rachel’s
Description: Joey and Rachel’s, Joey is sitting at the counter eating Cocoa Puffs .


## Scene s08e13_sc18 | Chandler and Monica’s bathroom. Both are sitting on opposite ends of the bathtub
Description: Chandler and Monica’s bathroom. Both are sitting on opposite ends of the bathtub.
