---
episode_id: s08e16
title: The One Where Joey Tells Rachel
season: 8
episode: 16
---

# S08E16 The One Where Joey Tells Rachel

## Scene s08e16_sc01 | Unknown

- Lisa Kudrow: Previously on Friends [line_index=0; stage=voiceover]

## Scene s08e16_sc02 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Joey is talking to Ross

- Ross: Did you um—I’m sorry, did you just say it’s Rachel? [line_index=0; stage=closes the door]
- Joey: Yes. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Um, you…you like Rachel? [line_index=2]
- Joey: Yes. I like Rachel. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Rachel?! [line_index=4]
- Joey: Yeah, okay but look, buy uh—Hey-hey, y’know, y’know who else I like? You! And it-it doesn’t get said enough. I like you Ross. [line_index=5; stage=startled]
- Ross: But R-R-Rachel-Rachel?! [line_index=6]
- Joey: Yeah, but it’s not a big deal. [line_index=7]
- Ross: It’s not a big deal? Oh, I’m sorry I just…um, I…what about all the stuff you-you just said? I mean how about, I like—you-you can’t stop thinking about her. Like how you can’t sleep? [line_index=8]
- Joey: I’m an actor, y’know? As-as a group, we tend to be over dramatic. [line_index=9]
- Ross: Rachel who’s carrying my baby? Rachel? [line_index=10]
- Joey: Look no, I-I know it’s bad, and I know it’s wrong. Okay? But-but it’s not like anything’s ever gonna happen. Y’know? These-these are just feelings, they’re gonna go away. [line_index=11]
- Ross: Y’know what? I-I gotta go. [line_index=12; stage=Starts to leave.]
- Joey: Oh come on Ross! Hey Ross-Ross don’t… [line_index=13]
- Ross: I just—y’know—I-I just have one—Rachel?! [line_index=14; stage=stops]

## Scene s08e16_sc03 | Central Perk
Description: He exits and starts to walk away, passes a window, stops, and says "Rachel?!" again. Joey sighs and turns around to face Gunther.

- Gunther: Rachel?!! [line_index=0]

## Scene s08e16_sc04 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Rachel and Chandler are on the couch.

- Rachel: Oh-oh! Okay, she’s kicking! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Oh! She’s growing inside you. [line_index=1; stage=Puts his hand on her belly.]
- Rachel: Whoa!! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Oh! [line_index=3; stage=Pulls his hand away.]
- Rachel: Wow that was a big one. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: I think that’s the youngest girl ever to reject me. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Oh hey you guys! [line_index=6; stage=entering]
- Chandler: Oh hey! [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Hi! [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Hey listen let me ask you, do you believe in soul mates? [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Oh yes I do. I do. I believe that there is one perfect person out there for everyone. And do you know how you find him? You stop looking for him. That’s why I stopped looking for Russell Crowe. He’ll find me. [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Uh-huh, and you? [line_index=11; stage=To Chandler]
- Chandler: No. I mean I believe that uh, certain people are more suited for each other and I believe in falling in love, but soul mates, I don’t think they exist. [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Okay, good. [line_index=13]
- Chandler: Why? [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: Well last night, I met Monica’s. [line_index=15]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=16]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I had a date with this guy, and I swear to God, he is her other half. [line_index=17]
- Chandler: Come on, don’t be crazy. You don’t think there’s someone out there better suited for Monica than me, do ya? [line_index=18; stage=To Rachel Rachel looks at him.]
- Rachel: Well, what’s he like?! [line_index=19; stage=To Phoebe]
- Phoebe: Well he’s tall. [line_index=20]
- Rachel: Uh-huh. [line_index=21]
- Phoebe: He has brown hair. [line_index=22]
- Rachel: Of course, of course. [line_index=23]
- Chandler: A tall guy with hair similar to mine, oh unknowable universe! [line_index=24]
- Phoebe: He works with food! [line_index=25]
- Rachel: Oh sure. Older? [line_index=26]
- Phoebe: Obviously, and he’s British. [line_index=27]
- Rachel: Oh, I was just gonna ask! [line_index=28]
- Phoebe: Yeah? And, he’s-he’s so centered and mature and confident. [line_index=29]
- Rachel: Oh, it’s so sad they never had a chance to meet. [line_index=30]
- Chandler: Luckily, the guy she settled for can’t hear what you’re talking about. [line_index=31]
- Phoebe: Oh, I’m so sorry. Um, and maybe I’m wrong! I but—y’know I’m gonna go out with him again, I’ll find out more. [line_index=32]
- Chandler: You believe that this guy is destined for someone else and you’re still gonna date him? [line_index=33]
- Phoebe: Well, he may not be my soul mate, but a girl’s gotta eat. [line_index=34]

## Scene s08e16_sc05 | Ross and Rachel's
Description: Ross and Rachel's, Ross is opening the door to Monica.

- Monica: Hey. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Hey. [line_index=1]
- Monica: I just talked to Joey, I just—I want to see how you were. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Oh y’know, I still—I can’t believe it. Joey and Rachel I mean it’s… It’s like you and me going out, only weirder! [line_index=3]
- Monica: All right, I know you’re hurting, and-and I want to be supportive, but don’t say that again. [line_index=4]
- Ross: Oh my God! What if, what if they get married? Then he’d be the stepfather of my child. [line_index=5]
- Monica: Honey, I don’t think that’s something we need to worry about! First of all he’s-he’s never gonna tell her how he feels about her. And even if he did you have no idea how she’d react. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Sure, because women never like Joey. Y’know, I think he’s a virgin. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Joey…he’s not even thinking about going after Rachel! [line_index=8]
- Ross: He’s not? [line_index=9]
- Monica: No! All he’s thinking about is how you’re taking this! I mean, listen it’s totally freaking him out. He’s talking about moving to Vermont. [line_index=10]
- Ross: Why? [line_index=11]
- Monica: He says he wants to leave the country. He thinks you hate him. [line_index=12; stage=Pause]
- Ross: Hate him? I… No, I don’t hate him. It’s just it’s Rachel, y’know? [line_index=13; stage=Pause]
- Monica: Honey I can’t even imagine how hard this must be for you. But, I don’t want you to lose Joey over it. And right now he just needs to know that you’re still his friend. [line_index=14]
- Ross: Okay. Okay, I’ll talk to him. [line_index=15]
- Monica: All right. Now do it soon, he just asked me how to convert his dollars into Vermont money. [line_index=16]

## Scene s08e16_sc06 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Monica and Chandler are on the couch as Phoebe enters with Monica’s soul mate.

- Phoebe: Oh! Hi! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Hi! [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Umm, Chandler, Monica, this is Don. [line_index=2]
- Don: Oh, hello. Hello. [line_index=3; stage=Shakes Chandler’s hand. Shakes Monica’s hand.]
- Phoebe: Soul mate. [line_index=4; stage=mouths to Chandler]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=5; stage=mouths to Phoebe]
- Phoebe: Soul mate. [line_index=6; stage=cough talks]
- Monica: So, what have you guys been doing? [line_index=7]
- Don: Well, we just had a terrible lunch today at Reattica. What is with all the sun-dried tomatoes at that place? [line_index=8]
- Monica: I know! What is this, 1985?! [line_index=9]
- Don: That’s exactly what I said. Phoebe, isn’t that strange. [line_index=10]
- Monica: Not really. [line_index=11]
- Chandler: What’s wrong with sun-dried tomatoes? On a barbecue chicken pizza? No? [line_index=12; stage=Everyone stares at him. Still there’s staring.]
- Monica: So Don, what-what other restaurants do you like? [line_index=13]
- Don: Well, Octavio, 27&7—Oh! And there’s this great little place, Alessandro’s. [line_index=14]
- Monica: Oh my God! That’s my restaurant, I’m the chef there. [line_index=15]
- Don: You’re kidding me! [line_index=16]
- Monica: No! [line_index=17]
- Don: Your food is fantastic! Wow, I really want to talk to you about your menu, once I get some coffees first. Um, anyone want any? [line_index=18]
- Monica: Oh, I’d like a latte. Oh y’know what? If you’re gonna talk about me, I’m gonna go with you. [line_index=19]

## Scene s08e16_sc07 | Central Perk
Description: They go over to the counter and Chandler moves closer to Phoebe.

- Chandler: What are you doing?! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Nothing! I swear to God I didn’t know you guys would be here! And the good news is you didn’t believe in soul mates. So… [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I believe in tall, handsome strangers who hit on my wife! [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: They’re just talking, and y’know what? Just because I think they’re soul mates doesn’t mean anything’s gonna happen. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Phoebe, good work. [line_index=4; stage=returning]
- Phoebe: Yeah? [line_index=5]
- Monica: Yeah! Oh he’s great, I love him. [line_index=6; stage=Walks away and Chandler glares at Phoebe.]
- Phoebe: Don’t worry, we’ll find you someone else. [line_index=7]

## Scene s08e16_sc08 | Joey’s Apartment
Description: Joey’s Apartment, there’s a knock on the door and Joey answers it to Ross.

- Joey: Hey. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Hey. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Look, I understand if you came by to hit me, I deserve it. [line_index=2]
- Ross: No, I don’t want to hit you. [line_index=3]
- Joey: Oh what then? Kick me? [line_index=4]
- Ross: No. [line_index=5]
- Joey: Bite me? [line_index=6; emotions=anxiety; stage=getting worried]
- Ross: No, no I don’t want to do anything to you. All right? I just want to tell you that I’m not mad at you and…and that I certainly do not hate you. I just, I just came here to say that. [line_index=7; stage=Starts to leave.]
- Joey: Oh now—Hey Ross-Ross! Do you wanna-wanna come in for a beer or something? [line_index=8]
- Ross: Uh…yeah sure. [line_index=9; stage=Enters.]
- Joey: Do uh, do you got any beer? All-all I got is this melon stuff that Rachel left. I don’t… [line_index=10]
- Ross: Okay. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Hey look Ross, you need to understand something okay? I uh…I am never gonna act on this Rachel thing, okay? I-I would never do anything to jeopardize my friendship with you. [line_index=12; stage=pouring two glasses He hands Ross a glass.]
- Ross: Thank you. [line_index=13]

## Scene s08e16_sc09 | Joey’s Apartment
Description: They clink glasses and take a drink. Ross likes it, Joey hates it. Then Ross sees Joey hating it, mimics he hates it as well.

- Joey: Anyway, it uh…look it’ll just…take me a while to get over her, that’s all. I’m not even sure how to do that, I mean I’ve never been in love before so… [line_index=0]
- Ross: What?! You’re in love with her. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Yeah, I thought you knew that. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Umm, no. [line_index=3]
- Joey: Wow. Hey look, if it helps, I don’t want to feel this way. Honest. I just keep thinking, "Ah, I’ll get over this." Y’know? I just—It just keeps gettin’ harder. I don’t, I don’t know what to do. Y’know? What do I do? [line_index=4]
- Ross: I think you need to tell her how you feel. [line_index=5]
- Joey: Okay that’s the green stuff talkin’. [line_index=6]
- Ross: No, I’m serious. You-you need to find out where she is, because if she’s not where you are, then you can start to move past this. [line_index=7]
- Joey: But what if uh—and I’m not saying she will be—But… [line_index=8]
- Ross: If she is where you are then uh…then my feeling weird about it shouldn’t stand in the way. [line_index=9]
- Joey: Are you sure? [line_index=10]
- Ross: Yeah. Look if-if she’s gonna end up with somebody else, the truth is she couldn’t find a better guy. So… [line_index=11]
- Joey: Hey thanks. [line_index=12]
- Ross: So when do you think you’re gonna talk to her? [line_index=13]
- Joey: Oh my God I have to tell her! I haven’t even thought about what I will say. What should I say? [line_index=14]
- Ross: I’m understanding, but let’s not get carried away. [line_index=15]
- Joey: I’m sorry, you’re right. What am I gonna say? Oh! [line_index=16; stage=He takes another sip of the green stuff and recoils at the taste.]
- Ross: Yeah, tell me about it. [line_index=17; stage=He stands up, turns his back to Joey, and enjoys another sip.]

## Scene s08e16_sc10 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe and Chandler are watching Monica and Don talk.

- Don: …so I’ve been slowly phasing out the wine importing and focusing more on the cheese side of things. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Cheese you say? That’s some pretty smelly work, huh Don? [line_index=1]
- Don: Excuse me? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Cheese, it’s smelly. You must smell a lot of the time too. [line_index=3]
- Don: Uh, not really. But when it comes to cheese, I’m one of the people who thinks the smellier the better. [line_index=4]
- Monica: Me too! Yeah, Chandler can’t stand it. He won’t even allow me to have blue cheese in the house. [line_index=5]
- Don: And you’re still married to him? [line_index=6; stage=They both laugh, and Chandler tries to but fails.]
- Monica: You know what I’d love to do? I would like to go to France and eat nothing but bread and cheese—Not even bread, just cheese. No, I want the bread. Yeah. Ah, and pastries… And pate. Oh, I’m really not high, it’s just I used to be fat. [line_index=7; stage=Breathlessly]
- Don: Well if you where ever enter the Loire valley let me know, I’ve got a great little villa you can stay at. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Is it made of cheese? [line_index=9]
- Don: No. But God, a house made of cheese, wouldn’t that be incredible?! [line_index=10]
- Monica: I’d move in tomorrow! [line_index=11]
- Chandler: Oh come on! Are you listening to this? [line_index=12; stage=disgusted To Phoebe]
- Phoebe: I’m so sorry. [line_index=13]
- Chandler: What do we do? [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: I don’t know, they both want to live in a house of cheese! I don’t know how you fight that. [line_index=15]

## Scene s08e16_sc11 | Outside Ross and Rachel's
Description: Outside Ross and Rachel's, Joey walks up to knock on the door, but stops.

- Joey: Okay. Okay, I can do this. I can tell her how I feel. Just uh, just stand up straight. Take a couple deep breaths. Look confident. [line_index=0; stage=Does so. Does so. Does so as Rachel opens the door and startles him.]
- Rachel: Joey? What’s up? [line_index=1]
- Joey: I uh, I just came by because I-I want to talk to you about something. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Okay what’s up? [line_index=3]
- Joey: Here? In the hall? What are we animals? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Well honey, I’m late for a meeting. So can you just make it quick? [line_index=5]
- Joey: Okay umm, I just came by to tell you that I…want to have dinner with you tonight. That’s all. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Sure! That sounds great! Just leave me a message and tell me where to meet you. Okay? [line_index=7; stage=Walks away.]
- Joey: Okay. That’s good. Okay, that give you a couple hours to prepare what you’re gonna say. Good. Yeah. Don’t you people ever knock?! [line_index=8; stage=Someone comes out of his apartment and it startles Joey again.]

## Scene s08e16_sc12 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica and Chandler's, Monica and Chandler are entering.

- Monica: I’d like to have Don and Phoebe over. Wouldn’t that be nice? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Sure, why don’t you set it up. I’ll just be over here, browsing through the personals. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Are you okay? You’ve been acting weird all afternoon. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Yeah, fine. Fine. Not perfect!! But good enough. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Jeez! What is with you? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: I’m sorry, did you say cheese? [line_index=5]
- Monica: All right, what’s going on? [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Phoebe thinks you and Don are soul mates, and I don’t believe in that kind of stuff. But then you two totally get along. So look, I won’t stand in your way if you want to run off with Don and live in a house of cheese. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Chandler, you don’t believe in soul mates? [line_index=8]
- Chandler: No. But I’m sure ‘tomatoes’ does. [line_index=9; stage=mimics Don]
- Monica: I don’t believe in soul mates either. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: You don’t? [line_index=11]
- Monica: No. I don’t think that you and I were destined to end up together. I think that we fell in love and work hard at our relationship. Some days we work really hard. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: So you…you don’t want to live with Don in a cheese house? [line_index=13]
- Monica: No, I’ve had second thoughts about that. Do you realize how hard that would be to clean? [line_index=14]
- Chandler: I love you. [line_index=15]
- Monica: I know. [line_index=16]
- Chandler: Y’know what? I am going to take you out to dinner tonight. I found this place that makes the greatest mozzarella sticks and jalepino poppers . No? Really? They taste so good. [line_index=17; stage=Monica doesn’t look impressed.]

## Scene s08e16_sc13 | A restaurant
Description: A restaurant, Joey and Rachel are having dinner.

- Rachel: …and I know Chandler is kidding but it happens every time he touches my stomach. I mean I’m really worried the baby’s not going to like him. Are you okay? [line_index=0; stage=Joey is staring at the table.]
- Joey: What? Yeah! Sure! Uh, look at the uh, the reason…—Is it hot in here? [line_index=1; stage=Exhales slowly]
- Rachel: No. Not-not for me, but why don’t you take off your sweater? [line_index=2]
- Joey: I would, but this is a nice place and my T-shirt has a picture of Calvin doing Hobbs. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Oh my God! Really?! Can I see it? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Yeah. Sure. [line_index=5; stage=They both half stand up, Joey pulls the neck of his sweater out, and Rachel looks down it to see his T-shirt.]
- Rachel: Huh. Wow, I wouldn’t think Hobbs would like that so much. [line_index=6]
- Joey: Uh… How long have we known each other? [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Um, seven…e-e-eight, eight years. Wow. [line_index=8]
- Joey: Uh-huh, long time. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=10]
- Joey: But over the past few weeks… [line_index=11]

## Scene s08e16_sc14 | A restaurant
Description: A waiter runs over interrupting Joey.

- Waiter: Hah, sorry about the wait, but it is mega-jammed in here! We have a couple specials tonight… [line_index=0]
- Joey: Actually uh, could you give us a second? [line_index=1]
- Waiter: Sure. Sure. Second’s up! Not…that kind of table. [line_index=2; stage=Turns away, then turns back Joey glares at him. He walks away.]
- Rachel: So you were saying? [line_index=3]
- Joey: I’m not quite sure. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Okay, well you had asked me how long we had known each other, and I said, "Eight years." And the um, waiter came over and cut his tip in half, and umm…now here we are. [line_index=5]
- Joey: Yeah, here we are. Uhh… I… I think I’m…falling in love with you. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=7; stage=stunned]
- Joey: I’m falling in love with you. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Who are you talking too? Oh, you’re kidding! Oh, it’s a joke! It’s funny. It’s funny. I don’t get it. Oh. Okay. Umm… I-I…uh, wow. Are you uh… How did umm… When? [line_index=9; stage=looking around Laughs. Joey doesn’t say any thing and Rachel realizes it’s not a joke. Pause]
- Joey: Does it really matter? [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Wow! Wow. Wow. Wow, it is hot in here. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Okay look Rach, I know this is a lot. You don’t have to say anything. You-you uh, you take as much time as you need. Okay, you gotta say something! [line_index=12; stage=Long pause as Rachel says nothing.]
- Rachel: Joey, Joey I love you so much, but I… [line_index=13]
- Joey: But. [line_index=14; stage=Hangs his head down.]
- Rachel: Joey. [line_index=15]
- Joey: Yeah-yeah right. That’s okay. That’s fine. That’s uh, pretty much what I was expecting. So uh, it’s no big deal. All right? I think I’m gonna go. [line_index=16; stage=Stands up.]
- Rachel: No! Joey please! Please don’t! Please don’t leave like this! Now come on, you cannot do this to a pregnant woman! [line_index=17; stage=Starts to cry.]
- Joey: Don’t start doing that. You can’t do that Rach, ‘cause then you’re gonna make me do that. Oh, here we go! [line_index=18; stage=Starts to cry. Sits down next to her.]
- Rachel: Can I? [line_index=19; stage=Hug him.]
- Joey: Sure! [line_index=20]

## Scene s08e16_sc15 | They hug
Description: They hug.

- Rachel: Oh Joey honey I don’t…I don’t want to lose… [line_index=0]
- Joey: Hey-hey-hey, hey! You can’t. Okay? Ever! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I’m so sorry. [line_index=2]
- Joey: Oh no-no Rach, please, don’t be sorry. Okay? Don’t be sorry. Y’know I was only kidding you. [line_index=3; stage=They hug again.]
- Rachel: Yeah, that was a real good one. [line_index=4]

## Scene s08e16_sc16 | A restaurant
Description: A restaurant, Joey and Rachel are still hugging as a waiter walks by the table to talk to the annoying waiter from before who is watching.

- Waiter No. 2: Is this your table? [line_index=0]
- Waiter: Yeah. [line_index=1]
- Waiter No. 2: God, you’re gonna be here all night! [line_index=2]
- Waiter: I know! I haven’t even read them the specials yet! [line_index=3]
- Waiter No. 2: What’s the matter with them? [line_index=4]
- Waiter: I don’t know. I think maybe one of them is dying. I kinda hope it’s the girl. The guy is really cute! [line_index=5; stage=Pause The other waiter is shocked.]
