---
episode_id: s08e15
title: The One With The Birthing Video
season: 8
episode: 15
---

# S08E15 The One With The Birthing Video

## Scene s08e15_sc01 | Central Perk. Rachel is getting a cup of coffee as Joey and Phoebe enter and sit down
Description: Central Perk. Rachel is getting a cup of coffee as Joey and Phoebe enter and sit down.


## Scene s08e15_sc02 | Rachel exits with coffee
Description: Rachel exits with coffee


## Scene s08e15_sc03 | Monica and Chandler’s. Phoebe and Ross are sitting in the living room talking
Description: Monica and Chandler’s. Phoebe and Ross are sitting in the living room talking.


## Scene s08e15_sc04 | Joey and…wait…just Joey’s. Joey is sitting at the counter eating a pizza
Description: Joey and…wait…just Joey’s. Joey is sitting at the counter eating a pizza.


## Scene s08e15_sc05 | Joey and…wait…just Joey’s. Joey is sitting at the counter eating a pizza
Description: Phoebe goes into the hall and brings a dog inside!


## Scene s08e15_sc06 | Monica and Chandler’s. Chandler enters with a bouquet of roses
Description: Monica and Chandler’s. Chandler enters with a bouquet of roses.


## Scene s08e15_sc07 | Monica and Chandler’s. Chandler enters with a bouquet of roses
Description: A woman on TV breaths hard


## Scene s08e15_sc08 | Monica and Chandler’s. Chandler enters with a bouquet of roses
Description: The woman groans, moans, grunts, and screams. Chandler’s eyes get huge!


## Scene s08e15_sc09 | Joey’s. Joey is playing fetch with the dog
Description: Joey’s. Joey is playing fetch with the dog.


## Scene s08e15_sc10 | Joey’s. Joey is playing fetch with the dog
Description: The dog returns with a ball that looks exactly like the same one Joey has.


## Scene s08e15_sc11 | Monica and Chandler’s. Chandler is sitting on the couch staring at the tape on the coffee table with his eyes huge and his mouth wide open
Description: Monica and Chandler’s. Chandler is sitting on the couch staring at the tape on the coffee table with his eyes huge and his mouth wide open.


## Scene s08e15_sc12 | Monica and Chandler’s. Chandler is sitting on the couch staring at the tape on the coffee table with his eyes huge and his mouth wide open
Description: Chandler glances up at Monica with his mouth still wide open and his eyes still huge


## Scene s08e15_sc13 | Central Perk. Ross is sitting on the couch reading a magazine as Mona enters
Description: Central Perk. Ross is sitting on the couch reading a magazine as Mona enters.


## Scene s08e15_sc14 | Central Perk. Ross is sitting on the couch reading a magazine as Mona enters
Description: Ross fake laughs, obviously not finding this funny, and he’s starting to panic, so he shoves the whole saltwater taffy he’s eating in his mouth


## Scene s08e15_sc15 | Central Perk. Ross and Phoebe are sitting on the couch
Description: Central Perk. Ross and Phoebe are sitting on the couch.


## Scene s08e15_sc16 | Joey’s. Joey is laying on his recliner
Description: Joey’s. Joey is laying on his recliner, depressed, and the dog is laying on the footrest.


## Scene s08e15_sc17 | Joey’s. Joey is laying on his recliner
Description: Joey follows Phoebe into the kitchen


## Scene s08e15_sc18 | Ross and…Rachel’s…I guess I have to call it that now. Rachel is reading on the couch as Ross enters
Description: Ross and…Rachel’s…I guess I have to call it that now. Rachel is reading on the couch as Ross enters.


## Scene s08e15_sc19 | Ross and…Rachel’s…I guess I have to call it that now. Rachel is reading on the couch as Ross enters
Description: There is a knock on the door.


## Scene s08e15_sc20 | Doorbell rings
Description: Doorbell rings


## Scene s08e15_sc21 | Monica and Chandler’s. Monica and Chandler are sitting on the couch still staring at the screen
Description: Monica and Chandler’s. Monica and Chandler are sitting on the couch still staring at the screen.


## Scene s08e15_sc22 | Monica and Chandler’s. Monica and Chandler are sitting on the couch still staring at the screen
Description: Chandler takes the tape and sticks it under the chair cushion


## Scene s08e15_sc23 | Monica and Chandler’s. Monica and Chandler are sitting on the couch still staring at the screen
Description: Chandler crawls over to Monica and they move in to kiss, but they can’t do it and back up. They move in to kiss again, and kiss very awkwardly for a second, until someone knocks on the door.


## Scene s08e15_sc24 | Monica and Chandler’s. Monica and Chandler are sitting on the couch still staring at the screen
Description: Monica and Chandler both look at each other and run over to the window to watch the action in Ross’ apartment


## Scene s08e15_sc25 | Monica and Chandler’s. Monica and Chandler are sitting on the couch still staring at the screen
Description: Monica and Rachel both cover their eyes


## Scene s08e15_sc26 | Central Perk. Ross is getting coffee as Joey comes from…God knows where! Some back area of Central Perk around the corner that we’ve never seen! Weeeiiirrrddd…
Description: Central Perk. Ross is getting coffee as Joey comes from…God knows where! Some back area of Central Perk around the corner that we’ve never seen! Weeeiiirrrddd….


## Scene s08e15_sc27 | Central Perk. Ross is getting coffee as Joey comes from…God knows where! Some back area of Central Perk around the corner that we’ve never seen! Weeeiiirrrddd…
Description: Two girls sitting at a table next to them look up in disgust, and Ross and Joey move away


## Scene s08e15_sc28 | Central Perk. Ross is getting coffee as Joey comes from…God knows where! Some back area of Central Perk around the corner that we’ve never seen! Weeeiiirrrddd…
Description: Ross just stands in the doorway, for like a minute…Ahh! What’s going to happen next??!!! I can’t make it all the way through the Olympics!!!


## Scene s08e15_sc29 | Ross and Rachel’s. Rachel is standing in front of the TV holding a video
Description: Ross and Rachel’s. Rachel is standing in front of the TV holding a video.


## Scene s08e15_sc30 | Ross and Rachel’s. Rachel is standing in front of the TV holding a video
Description: Music starts playing…yes…you know what kind of music…
