---
episode_id: s08e19
title: The One With Joey’s Interview
season: 8
episode: 19
---

# S08E19 The One With Joey’s Interview

## Scene s08e19_sc01 | Unknown

- Episodes Orginally Transcribed by: Eric Aasen , guineapig , Josh Hodge , Aaron D. Howard-Miller , and Kiza Abuzahra . [line_index=0]

## Scene s08e19_sc02 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica and Chandler's, everyone except Phoebe is there as Rachel enters carrying a magazine.

- Rachel: Hi! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Monica: Hey! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: So, I’m in my apartment doing the Soap Opera Digest crossword puzzle, and guess who the clue is for three down. [line_index=3; stage=She hands the magazine to Joey.]
- Joey: Three down, Days Of Our Lives star blank Tribbiani. That’s me!! I’m blank!! [line_index=4; stage=reading]
- Monica: How cool is this?! We know three down! I’m touching three down! [line_index=5]

## Scene s08e19_sc03 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: She has her hand on his shoulder.

- Joey: Yeah you are baby. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Three down knows I’m married, what’s three down doin’? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: So did they call you to tell you your name’s gonna be in this? [line_index=2]
- Joey: No. They really like me over there. They want to do a big profile on me, but I said no. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Why’d you say no? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Remember what happened the last time I did an interview for them? I said I write a lot of my own lines, and then the writers got mad and made my character fall down the elevator shaft. So who knows what I might say this time. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: If only there was something in your head to control the things you say. [line_index=6; stage=Joey nods his agreement.]
- Rachel: Oh, come on Joey! You will totally keep it in check this time, and plus y’know the publicity would be really good for your career! And you deserve that! And if you do the interview you can mention, oh I don’t know, gal pal Rachel Green? [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Is that gal pal spelled L-O-S-E-R? [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Okay, don’t listen to him. Please? [line_index=9]
- Joey: Fine! All right, I’ll do it. But hey! You guys have to be at the next table so you can stop me if I y’know, start to say something stupid. [line_index=10]
- Ross: Just then or-or all the time, ‘cause we-we have jobs y’know. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Come on! We will be there for you the whole time! Just remember gal pal Rachel Green. Ha-ha! I’m gonna be in Soap Opera Digest ! And not just in the dumb crossword puzzle. Seriously, proud of you. [line_index=12; emotions=joy; stage=Excited Looks at Joey.]
- Joey: Yeah. [line_index=13]

## Scene s08e19_sc04 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Joey is there for his interview and everyone but Phoebe are hiding on the couch.

- The Interviewer: I really appreciate you taking the time to do this. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Oh, not at all. Happy to do it. [line_index=1]
- Monica: You think we’re being obvious? [line_index=2; stage=To Chandler]
- Chandler: No, we’re just four people with neck problems. You talk like this. [line_index=3; stage=Out of the sides of their mouths.]
- The Interviewer: Y’know I think its great you wanted to meet here. Y’know when most people hear the magazine is paying for it they want to go to a big fancy restaurant. [line_index=4; stage=To Joey]
- Joey: Actually, I didn’t know the magazine was paying for it. Wouldn’t have mattered, I’m doing this for the fans, not for the free food. [line_index=5; stage=laughs]
- Gunther: Can I get you anything? [line_index=6]
- The Interviewer: Umm, I’ll have a cup of coffee. [line_index=7]
- Joey: And I’ll have all the muffins. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Hey! [line_index=9; stage=entering]
- Ross: Shhh! We’re not talking. [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Oh. Finally! Oh. [line_index=11; stage=Sits back in relief.]
- The Interviewer: So, according to your bio, you’ve done quite a bit of work before Days of Our Lives . Anything you’re particularly proud of? [line_index=12]

## Scene s08e19_sc05 | The crowd ahhs
Description: The crowd ahhs.


## Scene s08e19_sc06 | The crowd ahhs
Description: The ladder retracts, taking Joey up into the spaceship for his voyage to Blargon 7.

- Joey: Well, there are so many things, it’s hard to pick just one. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: I’m gonna get some coffee, anyone want anything? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh yeah, I’d actually love a blueberry muffin and a chamomile tea. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Uh, double latte, extra foam. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: And a bagel with only… [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: I was just being polite! [line_index=5; stage=interrupting him]
- The Interviewer: Okay, how about when you’re not working. What do you do in your spare time? [line_index=6]
- from Episode 703: The One With Phoebe’s Cookies, Rachel is teaching Joey how to sail his boat, the Mr. Bowmont.] [line_index=7]

## Scene s08e19_sc07 | The crowd ahhs
Description: We see Joey who has puffed up his cheeks and Chandler nonchalantly reaches down and pinches Joey’s nose shut. In a few seconds, Joey has to move because he’s now forced to actually hold his breath.


## Scene s08e19_sc08 | Chandler and Joey's and Ross's
Description: Chandler and Joey's and Ross's, Chandler is entering and when he closes the door Joey pops his head out of the fort like before, but this time he's wearing a cowboy hat.


## Scene s08e19_sc09 | Chandler does so
Description: Chandler does so.


## Scene s08e19_sc10 | Chandler does so
Description: Goes over and picks up the remote.


## Scene s08e19_sc11 | Chandler does so
Description: Chandler turns off the porn and sets the remote down.


## Scene s08e19_sc12 | Chandler does so
Description: Chandler turns on the TV and…

- Joey: In my spare time I uh, read to the blind. And I’m also a mento for the kids. Y’know a mento, a role model. [line_index=0; stage=The gang shake their heads. Chandler bites his fist to keep from talking.]
- The Interviewer: A mento… [line_index=1]
- Joey: Right. [line_index=2]
- The Interviewer: Like the candy? [line_index=3]
- Joey: Matter of fact, I do. [line_index=4]

## Scene s08e19_sc13 | Chandler does so
Description: Chandler tries to jump over the couch but everyone stops him.

- The Interviewer: Well umm, another thing our readers always want to know is how our soap stars stay in such great shape. Do you have some kind of fitness regime? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Uh, we stars just try to eat right and get lots of exercise. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Yeah! [line_index=2]
- Ross: Hey! We totally forgot about lunch! [line_index=3]

## Scene s08e19_sc14 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler enters to find Joey lying in the fetus position on the floor.

- Ross: It tastes like feet! [line_index=0]

## Scene s08e19_sc15 | Joey and Rachel's apartment
Description: Joey and Rachel's apartment, Chandler is entering to find Joey bingeing on the food from the fridge. Joey isn’t doing all that well.


## Scene s08e19_sc16 | The Hallway
Description: The Hallway, Chandler and Rachel are on their knees with forks trying to salvage what they can of the cheesecake off of the floor.


## Scene s08e19_sc17 | The Hallway
Description: Joey finishes climbing the stairs and sees them. Chandler and Rachel both stop and look up at him. Joey sits down on the step.

- Joey: Uhh, I don’t believe in these crazy diets y’know, just everything in moderation. [line_index=0]
- Gunther: Your muffins. [line_index=1; stage=Sets down a huge plate of muffins in front of Joey.]
- Joey: I’ll take those to go. For the kids. [line_index=2; stage=To the interviewer]
- The Interviewer: Oh, I know what I wanted to ask you. You were on the show years ago and then they killed you off. What happened there? [line_index=3]
- Joey: It was so stupid, I said some stuff in an interview that I shouldn’t have said. But believe me, that’s not gonna happen today. [line_index=4]
- The Interviewer: Understood. So, what’d you say back then? [line_index=5]
- Joey: Well, I said that I… [line_index=6; stage=The gang jumps up and interrupts him.]

## Scene s08e19_sc18 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, continued from earlier.

- Joey: You guys, this is Shelley, she’s interviewing me for Soap Opera Digest , and Shelley, this are my friends… [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Hi! I’m gal pal Rachel Green, and if you want the dirt, I’m the one you come too. This might be Joey’s baby , who knows? I’m just kidding—Seriously, gal pal Rachel Green. [line_index=1; stage=interrupting him rubbing her stomach leans into the cassette recorder Shelley is using]
- Ross: Who just lost the respect of her unborn child. [line_index=2; stage=leaning into the recorder as well]
- The Interviewer: Umm, I’m gonna just go get this warmed up. [line_index=3; stage=She takes her coffee mug up to the counter.]
- Joey: Okay. [line_index=4]
- Monica: Joey! You’re doing great! [line_index=5]
- Ross: Yeah, so far nothing stupid. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Mento? [line_index=7]
- Joey: No thanks. [line_index=8]
- The Interviewer: So, as Joey’s friends, is there anything that you guys think our readers ought to know? [line_index=9; stage=returning]
- Ross: Uh no, no just-just that he is a great guy. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Yeah, that’s gonna get you into Soap Opera Digest . Well I……I would just like to say that Joey truly has enriched the days of our lives. [line_index=11; stage=scoffs at him leans into the microphone again]
- Phoebe: Umm, I…I just think you don’t expect someone so hot to be so sweet. [line_index=12]
- The Interviewer: Oh! I like that. What’s your name? [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: Umm, Phoebe Buffay. [line_index=14]
- The Interviewer: How do you spell that? So we can get it right. [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Oh okay, it’s P as in Phoebe, H as in hoebe, O as in oebe, E as in ebe, B as in bee-bee and E as in ‘Ello there mate! [line_index=16; stage=In an Australian accent]
- The Interviewer: Great! Well, it was nice meeting all of you. [line_index=17]
- Ross: Yeah, you too. [line_index=18]
- Rachel: You too! [line_index=19]
- Chandler: Thanks. [line_index=20]
- Monica: Bye. [line_index=21; stage=They resume their previous positions.]
- The Interviewer: So it seems like you have a lot of friends, who would you say is your best friend? [line_index=22]
- flashbacks. The first one is from Episode 214: The One With The Prom Video, Rachel has just found the bracelet that Joey gave Chandler, which is after he bought one to replace it.] [line_index=23]
- Joey: How come you have two? [line_index=24]
- Chandler: Well this one's for you. [line_index=25]
- Joey: Get out. [line_index=26]
- Chandler: No, I can't. No-no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, it's about you and me and the fact that we're best buds. [line_index=27; stage=Puts bracelet on Joey Reading bracelet]
- Joey: Wow, is this friendship? I think so. Check it out, we're bracelet buddies. [line_index=28]
- Chandler: That's what they'll call us. [The next one is from Episode 618: The One Where Ross Dates A Student.] [line_index=29]

## Scene s08e19_sc19 | Joey's apartment
Description: Joey's apartment, Joey and Rachel are eating spaghetti in the living room while watching TV and Rachel drops some on the floor.

- Rachel: Oh, Joey! Sorry! [line_index=0]
- Joey: No that’s all right. Don’t worry about it. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh but look! That’s gonna leave a stain! [line_index=2]
- Joey: Rach! Hey! It’s fine! You’re at Joey’s! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Really? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Yeah! Look! [line_index=5; stage=He throws some of his spaghetti on the floor.]
- Rachel: I’ve never lived like this before. [line_index=6]
- Joey: I know. [line_index=7]

## Scene s08e19_sc20 | Joey's apartment
Description: Rachel throws some of hers down.

- Joey: All right, don’t waste it, I mean its still food. [line_index=0; stage=He picks it up and eats it.]

## Scene s08e19_sc21 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is reading a script as Ross enters

- Ross: All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and damnit I am a good friend. So just, just shut up and close your eyes . [line_index=0; stage=kisses Joey]
- Joey: Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was a hell of a kiss. Rachel is a very lucky girl. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Umm, no. No best friend, no. Just a lot of close friends. [line_index=2]
- The Interviewer: So umm, now back to the show. How does it feel to have a huge gay fan base? [line_index=3]
- Joey: Really? Me? Wow! I don’t even know any huge gay people! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: It hurts me. It physically hurts me. [line_index=5]
- The Interviewer: Now, off the record, you’re not… [line_index=6]
- Joey: What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book! [line_index=7]
- Ross: Your make-up! [line_index=8]
- Ross: Okay. Now-now-now should I climb down your front so we’re face to face or-or should I climb down your back so we’re-we’re butt to face. [line_index=9]
- Joey: I think face to face. [line_index=10]
- Ross: I would say that. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Face to face, yeah! [line_index=12]
- Ross: Okay, here I go. [line_index=13]
- Joey: All right. [line_index=14]

## Scene s08e19_sc22 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Ross steps onto the bottom rung of the ladder and then steps on Joey’s chest.

- Joey: Oh my… How much do you weigh Ross?! [line_index=0; stage=grunting]
- Ross: I prefer not to answer that right now, I’m still carrying a little holiday weight. [line_index=1]

## Scene s08e19_sc23 | Chandler and Joey's
Description: Ross continues to climb down. He puts his other foot further down on Joey’s torso, but that doesn’t work very well and he’s forced to wrap his legs around Joey. Which then forces Joey to get a nice and close view of Ross’s crotch.

- Joey: Y’know, when we talked about face to face, I don’t think we thought it all the way through. [line_index=0]

## Scene s08e19_sc24 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Phoebe is sitting on the couch as Joey enters strutting.


## Scene s08e19_sc25 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Ross are napping together again and both wake up at the same time.

- Joey: Great nap. [line_index=0]
- Ross: It really was. [line_index=1]

## Scene s08e19_sc26 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Suddenly Rachel clears her throat and the camera cuts to the rest of the gang staring at them. Needless to say Joey and Ross are shocked and slowly turn their heads to see the gang.

- Joey: Uh me? Gay? No! No. No, but I have a number of close friends who are. [line_index=0]

## Scene s08e19_sc27 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Chandler and Ross look at each other.

- The Interviewer: So, let’s talk about women. I’m sure our female readers will be interested to know about your romantic life. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin’?" [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Oh, please! [line_index=2]
- Joey: Hey, how you doin’? [line_index=3; stage=to Phoebe]

## Scene s08e19_sc28 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Phoebe looks at him, and then giggles and looks away.


## Scene s08e19_sc29 | The street
Description: The street, Joey is messing with a car cover and still wearing the Porsche stuff. This guy playing street football catches a pass next to the car cover Joey is fooling around with.

- Joey: Hey! How you doin’? [line_index=0]
- Woman: He has the most amazing Porsche under there! [line_index=1; stage=to her friend]
- Joey: I’d love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She’s sleeping. Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink? [line_index=2; stage=The women both laugh Just then the same guy with the football dives to make a catch, lands on the car cover, and collapses it. It turns out that Joey set up a bunch of boxes to make it look like a Porsche.]
- Woman: Hi, is Rachel here? I’m her sister. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Oh my God, Jill! [line_index=4]
- Jill: Oh my God, Rachel! [line_index=5]

## Scene s08e19_sc30 | The street
Description: They run and hug each other.

- Chandler: Oh my God, introduce us! [line_index=0]
- Rachel: This is Chandler. [line_index=1; stage=Points at him.]
- Jill: Hi! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: And you know Monica and Ross! [line_index=3]
- Ross: Hi Jill. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: And that’s Phoebe , and that’s Joey. [line_index=5; stage=points]
- Joey: Hey, how you doin’? [line_index=6; stage=in the Joey voice]
- Rachel: Don’t!! [line_index=7; stage=Joey backs away frightened.]
- Janine: No! I mean you're a really nice guy and I'm happy to be your roommate and your friend, I'm just y'know, I just don't feel that way about you. [line_index=8]
- Joey: Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on. [line_index=9]
- Janine: I don't think so. [line_index=10]
- Joey: Oh, I do. How you doin? [line_index=11; stage=Gives her the Joey-love look.]
- Janine: I'm okay. [line_index=12]
- Joey: What?!?! Oh dear God! [line_index=13]
- Joey: Not much to tell there I’m really shy. [line_index=14]

## Scene s08e19_sc31 | The gang is confused
Description: The gang is confused.

- The Interviewer: So, that’s it. I guess that’s all I need. Thank you so much. I think they will be running this in the beginning of next month. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Oh great! Great! Thank you. [line_index=1; stage=They shake hands.]
- The Interviewer: Bye. [line_index=2]
- Joey: Bye-bye. I did it! [line_index=3; stage=The interviewer leaves and he sits down with the rest of the gang.]
- Rachel: Yeah! [line_index=4]
- Ross: Amazing! Amazing! [line_index=5]
- The Interviewer: Oh wait! I almost forgot. We have to ask everybody this. Other than Days of Our Lives , what’s your favorite soap opera? [line_index=6; stage=returning]
- Joey: Oh, I don’t watch soap operas. Excuse me, I have a life, y’know? [line_index=7]

## Scene s08e19_sc32 | The gang is disappointed
Description: The gang is disappointed.

- The Interviewer: Thank you. The readers at Soap Opera Digest will be happy to hear that. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Oh, good to know. So close! [line_index=1; stage=The interviewer leaves.]

## Scene s08e19_sc33 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica and Chandler's, everyone is reading Joey’s interview.

- Rachel: Wow! I can’t believe they didn’t put it in the part where you said you didn’t watch soap operas. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Yeah, I called the lady about that. I told her I was just joking. She was pretty nice about that. [line_index=1]
- Monica: You slept with her didn’t you? [line_index=2]
- Joey: Little bit, yeah. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Wow! This picture of you sure is steamy. [line_index=4]
- Joey: Oh yeah, that’s just a little something for my huge gay fan base. [line_index=5]

## Scene s08e19_sc34 | Winks at him
Description: Winks at him.

- Ross: Did you just wink at me? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Hey, you’re the one that loves the picture. [line_index=1]
