---
episode_id: s08e11
title: The One With Ross' Big Step Forward
season: 8
episode: 11
---

# S08E11 The One With Ross' Big Step Forward

## Scene s08e11_sc01 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Rachel is looking around the shop as Phoebe returns from getting some more coffee.

- Rachel: Phoebe? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Yeah? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Look at that guy by the window, wow! [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: He’s awfully short and I think he’s talking to himself. And to be completely honest, he’s not that good in bed. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Oh, what is wrong with me lately? I mean it’s like every guy I see—I mean look here. Look at that guy for example, I mean normally that’s not someone I would-would be attracted to, but right now, with the way I’m feeling, all I want to do is rip off his sweatpants and fanny pack. [line_index=4; stage=Points behind them]
- Phoebe: Wait a second! This is about the fourth month of your pregnancy, right? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: This is completely normal, around the fourth month your hormones start going crazy. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Really?! So this has happened to you? [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Oh absolutely yeah! Oh and keep in mind, now, I was carrying triplets so in, y’know, medical terms I was-I was thrice as randy. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Wow! This explains so much! Last weekend, I went from store to store sitting on Santa’s lap. [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Yeah. Yeah, I remember trying to steal a cardboard cutout of Evander Holyfield from a Foot Locker . [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Ah. [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Yeah. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Well, y’know what? I go see my doctor tomorrow, I’ll ask her about this. Maybe she can give me a pill or something. [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: Yeah. Yeah, that’s what you need a good…pill. [line_index=15]

## Scene s08e11_sc02 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Joey and Ross are there as Mona enters.

- Mona: Hey! Hey! [line_index=0; stage=To Joey]
- Ross: Hi! [line_index=1]
- Mona: Hi! Look! I got our pictures developed from Rockefeller Center. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Oh great! Hey-hey Joey, do you want to check out pictures of me and Mona ice skating? [line_index=3]
- Joey: Oh uh, ordinarily I would love too, but I am just swamped right now. [line_index=4; stage=Brushes something off of his shirt and looks around, but doesn’t move from his chair.]
- Ross: Hey where-where are the pictures that creepy pretzel vendor took of us together? [line_index=5]
- Mona: Oh yeah, probably at the end. Oh my God! He only took pictures of my breasts! [line_index=6; stage=Flips to the end.]
- Joey: I’m missin’ picture time?! [line_index=7; stage=Jumps over to look, Ross glares at him and he retreats.]
- Phoebe: Y’know she has a face Ross! [line_index=8; stage=sitting down next to Ross]
- Mona: Okay. Okay, here’s a good one of us. [line_index=9]
- Ross: Wow! That is a good one! Wow, it looks like a, like a holiday card y’know, with the tree in the middle and the skaters and the snow. [line_index=10]
- Mona: Y’know, every year I say I’m gonna send out holiday cards and I never do it. Do you wanna, do you wanna send this one out together? [line_index=11]
- Ross: Together? Like-like to people? [line_index=12; stage=pause]
- Mona: Yeah, y’know. Happy holidays from Mona and Ross. It’ll be cute, okay? [line_index=13]
- Ross: Okay. [line_index=14; emotions=joy; stage=Not happy about it.]
- Mona: Oh, I gotta get to work. So call me later? [line_index=15]
- Ross: Uh sure, sure. [line_index=16]
- Mona: Bye guys. [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: Bye. [line_index=18]

## Scene s08e11_sc03 | Mona exits
Description: Mona exits.

- Joey: Congratulations! You just got married! [line_index=0; stage=To Ross]
- Ross: I know. Can you believe that? [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Wait, I’m-I’m sorry. What’s the big deal about a holiday card? [line_index=2]
- Ross: Married couples send out cards, families send out cards, people who have been dating for a couple of months do not send out cards! What-what is she crazy?! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Hey-hey-hey, hey that’s your wife you’re talking about! [line_index=4]

## Scene s08e11_sc04 | Chandler’s Office
Description: Chandler’s Office, his boss Doug is entering, Monica is there as well.

- Doug: Bing! Ho! And the Bing-ette! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Honey, you remember my boss Doug right? [line_index=1]
- Monica: Yes, hi. [line_index=2]
- Doug: Hi. So good news, the divorce is final. I signed the papers this A.M. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: I didn’t know you and Carol were getting divorced, I’m sorry. [line_index=4]
- Doug: Sorry? Finally chewed my leg out of that bear trap. Hey, congratulations to you guys though! [line_index=5]
- Monica: No leg-chewing for us sir. [line_index=6]
- Doug: Oh well, give it time. So the divorce, the marriage, we’ve got a lot to celebrate. How about we all go out to dinner tomorrow night? [line_index=7]
- Monica: I can’t think of anything we’re doing. Why can’t I think of anything we’re doing? [line_index=8; stage=Quietly]
- Doug: Tomorrow night it is then, I should be out of court by six. They keep throwing these sexual harassment cases at me and I keep knocking them out of the park! [line_index=9]
- Monica: Okay, I’ll see you tomorrow! Just so you know, we’re not seeing him tomorrow. I-I cannot spend another evening with that man. Do you remember how he behaved at our wedding? [line_index=10; stage=Doug exits. Chandler wonders why.]
- Chandler: No. [line_index=11]
- Monica: That’s because he wasn’t invited because of the way he behaved at our engagement party. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: Oh yeah. Boy, urine cuts right through an ice sculpture doesn’t it? [line_index=13]

## Scene s08e11_sc05 | Ross's Apartment
Description: Ross's Apartment, there’s a knock on the door and he opens it to Mona.

- Mona: Hi! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Mona: Hey, I went by the photo shop, take a look, here is a mockup of our card. What do you think? [line_index=2]
- Ross: Huh. Wow, this is great. [line_index=3]
- Mona: Now, do you think it should say, "Love Ross and Mona?" [line_index=4]
- Ross: Well, we-we haven’t said that to each other yet, but I guess its okay to say it to other people. [line_index=5]
- Mona: How many did you want? I’m getting a hundred. [line_index=6]
- Ross: A hundred?! Well, I-I guess I’ll take a—Mona, uh…I-I’m not sure about the whole uh, card thing. [line_index=7]
- Mona: Really? Why not? [line_index=8]
- Ross: Sending out a holiday card, together, I mean I just don’t know if we’re really quite there yet. [line_index=9]
- Mona: Oh y’know, I didn’t think of it that way. You’re right. You’re right. So, can I ask you a question? [line_index=10]
- Ross: Yeah. [line_index=11]
- Mona: Where are we? [line_index=12]
- Ross: Huh. [line_index=13]
- Mona: Y’know, like where are we? Where is this relationship going? [line_index=14]
- Ross: Hmm… [line_index=15]
- Mona: I mean I love spending time with you, y’know I just—I hope we’re moving forward. I mean, we should probably talk about that. Don’t you think? [line_index=16]
- Ross: Let’s do the card! [line_index=17]
- Mona: What? [line_index=18]
- Ross: The card! I think we’re there! [line_index=19]
- Mona: Okay. I—But I think we should still have this conversation. [line_index=20]
- Ross: Really?! I mean, even with the card? [line_index=21]

## Scene s08e11_sc06 | Rachel’s Doctor’s Office
Description: Rachel’s Doctor’s Office, she is waiting for her doctor as a nurse enters.

- Nurse: Hi! [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Hi! [line_index=1]
- Nurse: Just so you know, Dr. Long can’t be here today, she was called to the hospital, so Dr. Schiff will be seeing you. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh, okay. Hey, can I ask you a question? Was it me, or-or was the guy who took my blood sample really cute? Y’know who I’m talking about, bald haircut, hairy fingers… [line_index=3; stage=Stops when she realizes it was her.]
- Dr. Schiff: Hi Rachel? I’m Dr. Schiff. [line_index=4; stage=entering By the way, he’s an attractive man.]
- Rachel: Yes, you are. [line_index=5]
- Dr. Schiff: So, how’s it going? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Oh, really, really good. But enough about me, come on! Where-where are you from? What do you do? [line_index=7]
- Dr. Schiff: I’m a doctor. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Right! Right! I-I actually meant in your spare time, do you cook? Do you ski? Or do you just hang out with your wife or girlfriend? [line_index=9]
- Dr. Schiff: Uh, I don’t have a wife or girlfriend, but I do like to ski. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Oh, I love to ski! How amazing is this?! [line_index=11]
- Dr. Schiff: So, are you experiencing any discomfort? [line_index=12]
- Rachel: No. I’m very comfortable. [line_index=13]
- Dr. Schiff: Any painful gas? [line_index=14]
- Rachel: No! Shoot, Dr. Schiff what kind of question is that?! [line_index=15]
- Dr. Schiff: Okay then, would you like to lie down on the table? [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Well would you like me to lie down on the table? [line_index=17]
- Dr. Schiff: I’m sorry, is there something going on here? [line_index=18]
- Rachel: Do you feel it too? [line_index=19]

## Scene s08e11_sc07 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Monica and Phoebe are there as Rachel enters.

- Rachel: Hi. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh hey! So, how did your doctor’s appointment go? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Well, let’s see. Uh, they gave me cute doctor today and in the middle of the exam I put my pinky in his chin dimple. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Oh my God. [line_index=3]
- Monica: Why did you do that? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Okay, remember that little problem I was having during my fourth month of pregnancy? [line_index=5]
- Monica: Oh yeah, the Evander Holyfield phase. Oh man you were so hard up you practically came on to me. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: You wish. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Hey, I could’ve had you if I wanted you. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Oh yeah? Come and get it. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Okay, even this is turning me on! [line_index=10]
- Ross: Hey! [line_index=11; stage=entering]
- Rachel: Oh hey! Hey Ross! Hey how’s it, how’s it going with you and Mona? Are you guys still together? [line_index=12]
- Ross: Oh yeah, yeah we’re moving forward. You’ll be getting our card! [line_index=13]
- Monica: You and Mona are doing a holiday card together? [line_index=14]
- Ross: Yeah, we’re not just doing a card! Y’know, she-she also wants to have the conversation about where the relationship is going. [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Ugh! Women! [line_index=16]
- Ross: I know! I know! Why do you guys need to have this conversation?! Huh? I mean no self-respecting man would ask a woman, "So, where is this going?" [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Uh Ross? You asked me that. [line_index=18]
- Ross: Hey! You were a closed book! Okay? I’m not a mind reader! Besides, I hate those conversations. I’m horrible at them. Really! Maybe-maybe I need kind of a gesture. Y’know, something that says we’re moving forward without having to talk about it. [line_index=19]
- Monica: Like asking her to move in with you? [line_index=20]
- Ross: Smaller than that. [line_index=21]
- Monica: Making her a mixed tape? [line_index=22]
- Ross: Uh, bigger than that. [line_index=23]
- Phoebe: Give her a key to your apartment. [line_index=24]
- Ross: Whoa-hello! We were closer with the mixed tape. [line_index=25]
- Monica: All right. Have you said, "I love you?" You could say, I love you. [line_index=26]
- Ross: Yeah I-I don’t-I don’t think I’m quite there yet, but I could say I looove spending time with you. [line_index=27]
- Phoebe: No, we hate that. [line_index=28]
- Monica: That is a slap in the face. [line_index=29]
- Ross: Forget it. I-I—Y’know what? I’ll just have the conversation. I’ll just say I like things the way they are, and hope for the best. What do you think Rach? [line_index=30]
- Rachel: I think, if it was a little colder in here I could see your nipples through that sweater. [line_index=31]

## Scene s08e11_sc08 | Chandler’s Office
Description: Chandler’s Office, Doug is entering.

- Doug: Bing! We’re all set for tonight, 8 o’clock. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Oh uh, as it turns out, we can’t do it. Monica has to work. [line_index=1]
- Doug: Oh, my ex-wife didn’t work, unless you call turning into her mother work. Fine. Tomorrow night then. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Oh uh well tomorrow’s no good for her either. [line_index=3]
- Doug: Oh? Why not? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: It’s the semi-finals…of her…botchy ball tournament. [line_index=5]
- Doug: What’s going on Bing? Does uh, your wife have a problem with me or something? [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Well now-now you’re just talking crazy. [line_index=7]
- Doug: So why can’t the three of us go out together? [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Because uh…we-we…we split up. Monica and I split up. Hold me. [line_index=9]
- Doug: Good God Bing I…well I can’t say I’m altogether surprised, I saw the way she looked at you, and there was no love there. And the way she looked at me, pure lust. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: Y’know what would really help me through this tough time is choking something. Can I choke ya? [line_index=11]
- Doug: Bing my boy, we’re gonna get you over this. Now here’s the plan, grab your coat, we’re going to a strip club. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: Oh no-no-no, Monica would freak. But to hell with that bitch. [line_index=13; stage=Doug looks at him.]

## Scene s08e11_sc09 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Ross is getting Mona some coffee.

- Ross: Here we go. Mona umm, I think it’s time we-we had a conversation about-about where things are with us. [line_index=0]
- Mona: Yeah, I-I think I suggested that. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Aw, we-we are so… So umm, well I-I-I like you and I-I love umm, y’know hanging out with you. And I mean-I’m having a lot of fun. [line_index=2; stage=Motions that they’re connected. He pauses and thinks there might be more, but decides there isn’t.]
- Mona: Okay. [line_index=3]
- Ross: I mean, there’s no point in spending time with someone if-if it’s just fun. It’s gotta be, it’s gotta be going somewhere right? So where-where is it going? Ah! That’s-that’s the real question. And-and the answer is…is it’s going somewhere…fun. Now I-I know what you’re thinking, fun was fine for you like ten years ago y’know, but you’re-you’re not getting any younger. No I mean—No not you, not you, you—you are getting younger. I mean—you-you look like you’re getting younger by the second—What’s your secret? [line_index=4; stage=Pause]
- Mona: I’m sorry, so umm, so where are we? [line_index=5]
- Ross: Well, well to sum up, we’re having fun, you look young. [line_index=6]
- Mona: Okay… [line_index=7]
- Ross: But that’s not enough. So… So…here’s a key to my apartment. [line_index=8; stage=Hands her his key.]
- Mona: Really?! [line_index=9]
- Ross: Really. [line_index=10]
- Mona: You don’t think this is too fast. [line_index=11]

## Scene s08e11_sc10 | Ross groans no
Description: Ross groans no.


## Scene s08e11_sc11 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey and Rachel's, Ross is telling Rachel and Monica about yet another mistake he’s made with a woman.

- Rachel: You gave her a key to your apartment?! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Not just a key, I gave her the only key! I am now a homeless person in a very serious relationship. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Hey. Ooh Ross! How’d the conversation go? [line_index=2; stage=entering with some guy]
- Ross: Oh great, I live on the street. [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Where?! [line_index=4; stage=Ross exits.]
- Rachel: Hey! [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Hi! Okay, Monica, Rachel, this is my friend Roger. [line_index=6]
- Roger: Hey everybody. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Hi Roger. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: So umm, I’m gonna get us some drinks. Would you help me out? [line_index=9; stage=To Rachel]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=10; stage=They go into the kitchen.]
- Phoebe: Umm, he’s here to have sex with you. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: You’re welcome. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Phoebe no! [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: It’s okay, he’s a virgin. [line_index=15]
- Monica: Rachel umm, I was just talking to this guy and I think he’ll have sex with you. [line_index=16]
- Phoebe: Yeah, okay let’s leave these two alone. [line_index=17]
- Rachel: No! I do not care what my hormones are doing, I am not going to just do it with some random guy! [line_index=18]
- Phoebe: Fine! Then you tell Roger because he was really looking forward to this! [line_index=19]

## Scene s08e11_sc12 | Phoebe exits
Description: Phoebe exits.


## Scene s08e11_sc13 | A Strip Club
Description: A Strip Club, Doug and Chandler are there.

- Doug: Oh Bing, look at those twin sisters dancing together. Let me buy you a lap dance with those girls. Huh? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Oh that’s all right sir, and that’s just one girl. [line_index=1]
- Doug: Bing—What’s this?! [line_index=2; stage=Grabs his hand.]
- Chandler: It’s a hand. It’s a thing you use as a Jack and Coke holder. [line_index=3]
- Doug: No, it’s a wedding ring. You gotta get rid of it. We’re gonna go to the East River right now and throw it in there! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Oh no-no-no! [line_index=5]
- Doug: Oh yeah-yeah-yeah, y’know I did it and I felt a hell of a lot better and if you whip it just right you might hit a seagull in the head. [line_index=6]

## Scene s08e11_sc14 | Ross's Apartment
Description: Ross's Apartment, a locksmith has finished changing the locks on Ross’s door.

- Ross: Okay, and oh I’m gonna need a bunch of extra keys. Apparently I give them away for no reason at all. [line_index=0]
- Mona: Hey Ross, what’s going on? You changing the lock? [line_index=1; stage=entering]
- Ross: No. That guy is. [line_index=2]
- Mona: I don’t understand. You-you give me a key to your apartment and then you change the lock. [line_index=3]
- Locksmith: Good luck buddy. [line_index=4; stage=Exits.]
- Mona: Umm, I-I thought we were moving forward and now you’re-you’re sending me all these mixed signals. What are you trying to tell me? [line_index=5]
- Ross: I’m trying to tell you I made you a mix tape. [line_index=6]
- Mona: What? [line_index=7]
- Ross: I love you! [line_index=8]
- Mona: Ohh! And I love spending time with you. [line_index=9; emotions=joy; stage=Hugs him. Ross isn’t happy.]

## Scene s08e11_sc15 | Monica and Chandler's
Description: Monica and Chandler's, Monica is eating dinner as Chandler enters.

- Chandler: Hi honey I’m home. [line_index=0]
- Monica: From the tequila factory? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: It was awful. To get out of going to dinner with Doug I told him that you and I split up. So then he took me to all these strip clubs and sleazy bars, and then when I wouldn’t give him my wedding ring, he threw a soda can at a bird! [line_index=2]
- Monica: Come here. I can breath through my mouth. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Y’know what the worse part was? I got to see what my life would be like without you. It was like It’s a Wonderful Life with lap dances. Please promise that you will never leave me, that we will grow old together, and be with each other for the rest of our lives. [line_index=4]
- Monica: I promise. Hey, speaking of together, how about we send out a holiday card this year? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Ooh, I don’t know if we’re there yet. [line_index=6]

## Scene s08e11_sc16 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel is on the phone.

- Rachel: Yes. Hi, I’d like to order a pizza. Okay, can I ask you a question? Is-is the cute blond guy delivering tonight? Very Ambercrombie & Fitch . I’ll call you back. [line_index=0; stage=Joey enters.]
- Joey: Who was that? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: It’s just the pizza place. [line_index=2]
- Joey: You hung up on the pizza place? I don’t hang up on your friends. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: I’m sorry honey, I’m just having a, having a rough day. [line_index=4]
- Joey: Oh, what’s wrong? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Oh you really, you really just don’t want to hear about it. [line_index=6]
- Joey: Then why did I ask? [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Okay, it’s just—and this is really embarrassing—but lately with this whole pregnancy thing I’m just finding myself…how do I put this umm, erotically charged. [line_index=8]
- Joey: Is that college talk for horny? [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Yeah. So y’know, I have all of these feelings and I don’t know what to do about them, because I can’t date like a normal person, which is fine because I don’t need a relationship, I mean all I really want is one great night. Just sex, y’know? No strings attached, no relationship, just with someone that I feel comfortable with and who knows what he’s doing. For just one great night, I mean is that really so…hard…to find. So how was your day? [line_index=10; stage=Looks at Joey.]
- Joey: Good, I uh, I saw a pretty big pigeon. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Well, I gotta get up early and it’s almost seven o’clock. [line_index=12]
- Joey: Yeah, I gotta, I gotta go to my room too. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Okay, good night! [line_index=14]
- Joey: Good night. [line_index=15; stage=They both enter their rooms.]
- Joey: I can’t do it! [line_index=16; stage=entering]
- Rachel: I didn’t ask you to do it! [line_index=17; stage=entering]
- Joey: You’re Rachel! [line_index=18]
- Rachel: You’re Joey! [line_index=19]
- Joey: You’re my friend! [line_index=20]
- Rachel: Right back at ya! [line_index=21]
- Joey: But plus, it would be wrong and weird and-and-and bad. [line_index=22]
- Rachel: And so bad. I don’t even know what you’re talking about because I didn’t ask you to do anything! [line_index=23]
- Joey: I know! [line_index=24]
- Joey: Do you wanna do it? [line_index=25]
- Rachel: No! [line_index=26]
- Joey: All right, me neither! I was just testing you! [line_index=27]
- Rachel: That’s the end of this conversation! [line_index=28]
- Joey: This conversation never happened! [line_index=29]
- Rachel: Never happened! Good night! [line_index=30]
- Joey: Good night! [line_index=31]

## Scene s08e11_sc17 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: They both go into their rooms and after a little while Rachel pokes her head into the living room.

- Joey: Get back in there! [line_index=0; stage=Rachel re-enters her room and closes the door.]

## Scene s08e11_sc18 | Joey and Rachel's
Description: Joey and Rachel's, Rachel is there as Phoebe enters.

- Phoebe: Hi. Listen, I’m sorry about that whole thing with Roger. It really wasn’t right, and I, and I want to make it up to you, so umm, I brought you something that I think you’ll really enjoy. Now, this is just a loan. Okay? I’m gonna, I’m gonna want him back. So… I’m gonna go now. I’m sorry, I thought I could do it and I can’t! [line_index=0; stage=Goes into the hallway and returns carrying the Evander Holyfield cutout. Looks at him longingly Exits. Pause Entering She grabs the cutout and exits for good.]
