---
episode_id: s09e02
title: The One Where Emma Cries
season: 9
episode: 2
---

# S09E02 The One Where Emma Cries

## Scene s09e02_sc01 | Rachel’s Hospital Room
Description: Rachel’s Hospital Room, Ross is sitting next to Rachel.

- Ross: You said you’d marry Joey? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Okay you have to realize, I was exhausted, I was emotional, I would have said yes to anybody. Like that time you and I got married! I’m not helping. [line_index=1; stage=Pause]
- Ross: So you said yes to him, and you just had our baby? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: That is right and traditionally the daddy is supposed to give the mummy a present but I am prepared to let that go. [line_index=3]
- Ross: So when I came in here to see if you wanted to maybe start things up again, you were engaged to my best friend. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Well—Really? I thought Chandler was your best friend. [line_index=5]
- Ross: Well, Chandler’s my oldest friend, but Joey’s my—No! Ah! [line_index=6]

## Scene s09e02_sc02 | points at Rachel
Description: points at Rachel

- Rachel: Ooooo! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Hey you guys I’m gonna take off. I just wanted to let you guys know, say goodbye. [line_index=1; stage=Enters]
- Ross: Rachel said she’d marry you?! [line_index=2]
- Joey: This isn’t the right room, sorry folks. [line_index=3; stage=He looks around the room leaves]

## Scene s09e02_sc03 | Ross and Rachel’s
Description: Ross and Rachel’s, Monica, Phoebe, Joey and Chandler are waiting for Ross and Rachel to come home and Monica is looking at the sign Phoebe bought that says, "It’s a Boy!"

- Monica: Ok, I don’t wanna be negative so I’ll say that most of the signs you bought are good. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: No they ran out of "It’s a girl" but I can fix this one, See? [line_index=1; stage=She writes "not" in between it’s and a]
- Monica: So sexy. Honey. [line_index=2; stage=looking at Chandler sleeping with a balloon in his mouth Waking him up.]
- Chandler: Yea yea. [line_index=3; stage=Pulls the balloon out of his mouth]
- Monica: Honey why don’t you go lie down. [line_index=4]
- Chandler: No, no, Ross and Rachel will be back soon and then I gotta go to the office Am I producing them? [line_index=5; stage=Pulls another balloon out of his mouth]
- Joey: Why’re you so tired? [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Couldn’t sleep last night you know, then I started worrying about this big divisional meeting that I have later today, the more I worried about it the more I couldn’t sleep. Y’know? I was like, if I fall asleep now I’ll get six hours sleep, but if I fall asleep now I’ll get five hours sleep. Not matter what I did I couldn’t fall asleep. [line_index=7]
- Joey: You know what you should’ve done, you should have told yourself that little story. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Hi! [line_index=9; stage=enters with Emma]
- Everyone: Hi, welcome home! [line_index=10]
- Monica: Phoebe did the signs! [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Oh you guys thanks for doing this. [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Look at all the stuff people sent! [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Oh Ah! Oh my gosh there’s something every mother needs, a giant stuffed gorilla that takes up the entire apartment! What are people think… Oh you guys I love it. [line_index=14; stage=Sees a big stuffed gorilla Reads the card]
- Joey: Hey so where’s Ross? [line_index=15]
- Rachel: He’s downstairs getting the rest of the stuff out of the cab. [line_index=16]
- Joey: Is he still mad at us? [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Well, you more then me, but he can’t stay to mad at me. I mean, I just had his baby. [line_index=18]
- Joey: That’s not fair! I can’t do that. [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Yeah, I’m not so sure you should be here when he comes up. [line_index=20]
- Joey: See this is what I was afraid of, I didn’t think I should be here either but somebody said he’d be over it by now. [line_index=21; stage=Looks at Chandler]
- Chandler: Hey, what do I know? I wanted to get a bigger gorilla. [line_index=22]

## Scene s09e02_sc04 | A Boardroom
Description: A Boardroom, Chandler keeps drifting off to sleep at his meeting.

- Ms. McKenna: The numbers we are seeing New York, Chicago, and London are consistently solid, but many of our officers have reported disappointing fields. [line_index=0]

## Scene s09e02_sc05 | A Boardroom
Description: Chandler drifts off and his arm slips off the table and he wakes back up.

- Ms. McKenna: Boston is down, Atlanta is down, Houston is down, I could go on and on but instead of boring you I’ll go straight to my forty two point plan. [line_index=0]

## Scene s09e02_sc06 | A Boardroom
Description: Chandler leans over to fall asleep on the man’s shoulder next to him, only the man catches his attempt.

- Chandler: Walter . [line_index=0; stage=nods]

## Scene s09e02_sc07 | Ross and Rachel’s
Description: Ross and Rachel’s, Phoebe, Monica, Ross, and Rachel are watching Emma sleep.

- Phoebe: She’s just so cute! I just wanna bite her ear off and use it and a sucking candy. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Phoebe! But I could take one of those little feet and put it in a pita pocket. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Okay I put most of the stuff away. [line_index=2; stage=enters from the bed room]
- Rachel: Oh great, the pacifiers? [line_index=3]
- Ross: In the closet. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: The burping clogs? [line_index=5]
- Ross: Linen closet. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: The diapers? [line_index=7]
- Ross: In the hospital. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Wow you guys got a hospital? Fancy! [line_index=9]
- Ross: No I left the diapers at the hospital! There’s some in the bag but I’ll run out and get some more. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Alright thanks, oh Ross could you stop by the coffee house and get me a muffin? [line_index=11]
- Ross: Sure what kind? [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Umm let me think...What do I want, what d-o I w-a-n-t... [line_index=13]
- Ross: Please take your time, it’s an important decision. Not like, say, I know! deciding to marry someone, this is about a muffin. [line_index=14]
- Rachel: Blueberry. [line_index=15]
- Ross: Blueberry it is. [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Thanks. [line_index=17]
- Monica: Wow, he’s really not letting this go, is he? [line_index=18]
- Rachel: God how long do you think that’s gonna last? [line_index=19]
- Phoebe: I dunno, well he got over the "We were on a break" thing really quickly. [line_index=20]
- Rachel: Y’know I can’t even worry about that right now, cause I got the cutie little baby, oh I can’t believe how much I love her, I can’t get enough of her, like right now I miss her. I actually miss her. [line_index=21]
- Phoebe: You know that’s… that’s her. [line_index=22]
- Rachel: Oh god look at her sleeping. Oh, I love her so much! Oh, I think I’m gonna wake her up. [line_index=23]
- Phoebe: Oh no, Rach, no no, you know you’re never supposed to wake a sleeping baby. [line_index=24]
- Rachel: Well I can do whatever I want! I made her! Come on little girl, hi! [line_index=25; stage=Waking Emma up.]

## Scene s09e02_sc08 | Emma starts crying
Description: Emma starts crying

- Phoebe: I can say I told you so but she’s kinda doing that for me. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Oh I’m sorry mummy’s so sorry go back to sleep go back to sleep. Shh. Shhh! Go back to sleep [line_index=1]

## Scene s09e02_sc09 | Emma starts crying
Description: Emma continues crying in the background

- Monica: Breaks your heart doesn’t it [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: It really does… how long do you think we have to stay? [line_index=1]

## Scene s09e02_sc10 | A Boardroom
Description: A Boardroom, Chandler’s meeting continues.

- Ms. McKenna: Ok if everyone’s on board, it’s settled, Chandler, Chandler? [line_index=0; stage=Walter puts his hand on Chandlers hand, Chandler sleeping puts his hand on top of his, he then wakes up and pulls his hand away]
- Chandler: Yep. [line_index=1]
- Ms. McKenna: Are you on board? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Yes. [line_index=3; stage=not knowing what he’s saying yes to]
- Ms. McKenna: Then, problem solved. Chandler will be running our office in Tulsa. You’re gonna love Oklahoma. [line_index=4]

## Scene s09e02_sc11 | A Boardroom
Description: Chandler smiles and nods then realizes what he’s agreed to.


## Scene s09e02_sc12 | Ross and Rachel’s
Description: Ross and Rachel’s, Emma continues crying while Rachel, Monica and Phoebe try different methods to stop her crying.

- Phoebe: Well, alright, we already tried feeding her, changing her, burping her, oh try this one! Go back in time and listen to Phoebe! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Alright here’s something, it says to try holding the baby close to your body and then swing her rapidly from side to side. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Ok. [line_index=2; emotions=sadness; stage=Starts swinging Emma rapidly and she stops crying]
- Monica: It worked! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Oh oh no just stopped to throw up a little bit. Oh come on, what am I gonna do, its been hours and it won’t stop crying. [line_index=4; emotions=joy,sadness; stage=happy Emma starts crying again.]
- Monica: Umm, she Rach, not it, she. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Yeah, I’m not so sure. [line_index=6]
- Monica: Oh my god, I am losing my mind. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Yeah, no kidding, this just proves no good can come from having sex with Ross! [line_index=8]

## Scene s09e02_sc13 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Ross is getting Rachel’s muffin.

- Ross: Hey Gunther, can I get a couple of blueberry muffins to go? [line_index=0; stage=He puts a bag with diapers in it on the counter.]
- Gunther: Diapers huh? [line_index=1]
- Ross: Yep. [line_index=2]
- Gunther: So I guess Rachel had you baby? [line_index=3]
- Ross: Yep, can you believe it? [line_index=4]
- Gunther: Nope! I still can’t believe she slept with you in the first place. [line_index=5]
- Ross: Huh? Ooh you mean like a… Huh? [line_index=6; stage=laughs]
- Joey: Hey. Ross, I know you’re pissed at me, but we have to talk about this. [line_index=7; stage=entering Ross turns to see who it is, and seeing it’s Joey he just ignores him and turns back around.]
- Ross: Ah actually we don’t. [line_index=8; stage=Ross walks off]
- Joey: Fine, fine okay. But I gotta say technically, I didn’t even do anything wrong. [line_index=9]
- Ross: What! You didn’t do anything wrong?! [line_index=10; stage=turns back Angrily]
- Joey: I said I didn’t technically. [line_index=11]
- Ross: Okay let’s put aside that you "accidentally" picked up my grandmothers ring and you "accidentally" proposed to Rachel. [line_index=12; stage=Makes quote marks with his fingers. Does it again]
- Joey: Look, can I just stop you right there for a second? When people do this I don’t really know what that means. You were saying? [line_index=13; stage=Makes quote marks with his fingers. Ross just looks at him]
- Ross: And I can even understand that you couldn’t tell Rachel, but why couldn’t you tell me, huh? You had all day to and you didn’t. [line_index=14]
- Joey: I know I should’ve. "I’m sorry." [line_index=15; stage=Makes quote marks again.]
- Ross: Not using it right, Joe. [line_index=16]

## Scene s09e02_sc14 | Central Perk
Description: He brings his hands in closer to his face then does it again.

- Ross: I’m gonna go. [line_index=0]
- Joey: No, come on Ross! Look, Ross, we have to get past this. [line_index=1; stage=He grabs his bag so he can’t leave]
- Ross: Give me the bag. [line_index=2]
- Joey: No, look, I don’t know what else to do. I said I’m sorry! [line_index=3]
- Ross: Joey! [line_index=4]
- Joey: You should scream at me, or-or-or curse me, or hit me. [line_index=5]
- Ross: I’m not gonna hit you. [line_index=6]
- Joey: Why not? You’ll feel better! I’ll feel better, and you know you want to. I can see it in your eyes. [line_index=7]
- Ross: No I don’t. [line_index=8]
- Joey: A little bit. [line_index=9]
- Ross: No. [line_index=10]
- Joey: Little bit. [line_index=11]
- Ross: No! [line_index=12]
- Joey: A little bit more. [line_index=13; emotions=joy; stage=excited]
- Ross: Give me the bag. [line_index=14]
- Joey: No, hit me [line_index=15]
- Ross: Give me the bag. [line_index=16]
- Joey: Hit me. [line_index=17]
- Ross: Joey, give me the bag. [line_index=18]
- Joey: Hit me! [line_index=19]
- Ross: Joe I’m not kidding… [line_index=20]
- Joey: Hit me, hit me. [line_index=21; stage=interrupting]
- Ross: No! [line_index=22]
- Joey: Hit me! Hit me! [line_index=23; stage=shouts]

## Scene s09e02_sc15 | Central Perk
Description: Ross throws a punch, but Joey ducks and Ross punches the pole. Ross then screams from the pain and turns to Gunther, and Gunther has a huge smile on his face.

- Ross: You ducked!! [line_index=0]
- Joey: I’m sorry! It was a reflex! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Oh my god, this really hurts!!! [line_index=2]
- Joey: I couldn’t help it! When a fist comes at your face, you duck! Look! [line_index=3; stage=He goes to punch Ross, expecting him to duck, but he doesn’t and Joey punches Ross. Gunther is amused.]
- Ross: What is the matter with you?!? [line_index=4]
- Joey: You were supposed to duck!!! Why didn’t you duck? [line_index=5]
- Ross: Why don’t we talk about this on the way to the hospital? [line_index=6]
- Joey: Good, good yeah, maybe while we’re there, they can check your reflexes. "Oops." [line_index=7; stage=Grabs the bags Joey opens the door and it hits Ross in the face with it. Makes quote marks.]

## Scene s09e02_sc16 | Ross and Rachel’s
Description: Ross and Rachel’s, Emma is still crying.

- Monica: Try feeding her again. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: I already fed her. [line_index=1]
- Monica: I know, that’s why I said again! [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Alright you guys, we can’t turn on each other, Okay? That’s just what she wants. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Hey. [line_index=4; stage=enters]
- Monica: Hey. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Monica can I talk to you outside for a minute? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Oh no, you guys, just stay here, I’m gonna go check her diaper, Pheebs you wanna come? [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Oh I’m kinda part of this. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Actually Pheebs its more of a husband and wife kinda thing [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: I knew I should have married Chandler. [line_index=10]

## Scene s09e02_sc17 | Ross and Rachel’s
Description: Phoebe and Rachel go to the back room and Emma continues to cry in the background while Chandler and Monica talk.

- Monica: Okay what’s up [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Umm, you know how we always said that it would be fun to move to Paris for a year? You know, you could study French cooking and I could write and we could take a picnic along the Seine and go wine tasting in Bordeaux? [line_index=1]
- Monica: Oh yeah . [line_index=2; stage=smiles]
- Chandler: Okay, you know how that people say that Tulsa is the Paris of Oklahoma? [line_index=3]
- Monica: What? Who says that? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: People who’ve never ever been to Paris. [line_index=5]
- Monica: What’s going on? [line_index=6]
- Chandler: We’re moving to Tulsa! [line_index=7; emotions=joy; stage=Makes a excited expression on his face]
- Monica: Excuse me? [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Okay, Ms. McKenna, she kind of works above my boss, she asked me to move to Tulsa and be the president of our office there, and I was sleeping and apparently, said yes. [line_index=9]
- Monica: Tulsa, Oklahoma! [line_index=10; emotions=anger; stage=stands up angry]
- Chandler: The Sooner State, whatever that is. [line_index=11]
- Monica: Chandler, I don’t even wanna see the musical Oklahoma! [line_index=12]
- Chandler: Really? Oh What A Beautiful Morning ! Surrey With A Fringe On Top . [line_index=13]
- Monica: Are you trying to tell me that we’re moving to Oklahoma, or that you’re gay? All right, not that this matters, but did they at least offer you a huge raise? [line_index=14]
- Chandler: No, no, but they are going to lease us a Ford Focus. I’ll get out of it. [line_index=15; stage=Monica’s not impressed.]
- Monica: Thank you. [line_index=16]
- Chandler: What is wrong with Emma? [line_index=17; emotions=sadness; stage=hears Emma crying]
- Monica: Oh she misunderstood, she thought she was moving to Tulsa. [line_index=18]

## Scene s09e02_sc18 | Ms. McKenna’s Office
Description: Ms. McKenna’s Office, Chandler enters.

- Chandler: Umm ma’am, do you have a minute? I kind of have some bad news. I don’t think I can move to Tulsa. [line_index=0; stage=She points for him to come in]
- Ms. McKenna: What? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: It’s a funny story, actually. I kind of fell asleep in the meeting this morning so when I said I’d move to Tulsa, I didn’t really know what I was saying. [line_index=2; stage=coughs]
- Ms. McKenna: You fell asleep? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: But only because I was up all night worried about this meeting, ain’t that funny? Irony? Not a fan, alright . See, here’s the thing. I went home and told my wife about Tulsa and she won’t go. See, me, I love Tulsa! Tulsa is heaven! Tulsa is Italy—Please don’t make me go there! [line_index=4; stage=he sits down]
- Ms. McKenna: Chandler, I… [line_index=5]
- Chandler: No no no! Look, Carol, can I call you Carol? Wh-why would I when your name is Elaine? Oh what a great picture of your son, strapping! That’s a picture of your daughter, isn’t it, well she’s lovely. I like a girl with a strong jaw. I’ll call you from Tulsa. [line_index=6; stage=Pause She glares at him. Exits.]

## Scene s09e02_sc19 | The Hospital
Description: The Hospital, Joey is sitting in the lobby as Ross enters.

- Joey: Hey, so how is it? [line_index=0]
- Ross: I broke my thumb. [line_index=1]
- Joey: Your thumb? That’s weird. You sure you’re punching right? Make a fist. Maybe later. Ross I feel terrible. [line_index=2; stage=Makes a fist. Ross just looks at him with his thumb in a cast.]
- Ross: You know what, you can go, I just have to fill out some forms. [line_index=3; stage=Tries to hold the pen but can’t]
- Joey: You, you want me to help you with that? [line_index=4]
- Ross: Why, does it look like I’m having trouble with my misshapen claw? [line_index=5; stage=He hands Joey the form]
- Joey: Name? I know Ross but what’s it short for? You know like, like Rossel or Rosstepher. [line_index=6; stage=Ross looks at him.]
- Ross: Just Ross! [line_index=7]
- Joey: It’s pretty, Okay date of birth? [line_index=8]
- Ross: You know my birthday. [line_index=9]
- Joey: Sure, May...tember. [line_index=10]
- Ross: October 18th. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Occupation? Dinosaurs. [line_index=12]
- Ross: Actually I’m a palian… Dinosaurs is fine… the drawing is not. [line_index=13]
- Joey: Alright, who do you want as your emergency contact? [line_index=14]
- Ross: Ah, Rachel I guess. [line_index=15]
- Joey: Okay, relationship, boy this could take a while. [line_index=16]
- Ross: Just ah… just put roommate. [line_index=17]
- Joey: Come on, you guys are more then that! I mean, you’re gonna get together right? [line_index=18]
- Ross: I don’t think that we are. [line_index=19]
- Joey: But you two were supposed to be together. [line_index=20]
- Ross: Well, I thought so too, but then she said she’d marry you. [line_index=21]
- Joey: Come on, Ross, that didn’t mean anything! She just had the baby, she was all freaked out about doing it alone, she would have said yes to anybody. [line_index=22]
- Ross: Yeah that’s what she said. [line_index=23]
- Joey: So? [line_index=24]
- Ross: So I don’t wanna be just anybody. [line_index=25]
- Joey: Wow. [line_index=26]
- Ross: You know what, it’s, it’s better this way anyway. I mean I don’t know what I was thinking, going down that road again with us. It’s just much easier if we’re just friends who have a kid. [line_index=27]
- Joey: Really? [line_index=28]
- Ross: Yeah. [line_index=29]
- Joey: And you’re Okay with that? [line_index=30]
- Ross: Yes. I mean, it’s what we always planned. And if you have a plan, you should stick to it. That’s why they call them plans. Hello? I’m fine. [line_index=31; stage=Pause]
- Joey: Hey, for what it’s worth, with Rachel I don’t think you’ll ever be just "anybody." [line_index=32; stage=Makes quote marks.]
- Ross: Hey there you go! [line_index=33; stage=Smiles because Joey used it correctly]
- Joey: "Thanks." [line_index=34; stage=makes quote marks]

## Scene s09e02_sc20 | The Hospital
Description: Ross looks away, not bothering


## Scene s09e02_sc21 | Ross and Rachel’s
Description: Ross and Rachel’s, Emma continues to cry.

- Rachel: Oh my God! How long has she been crying? [line_index=0]
- Monica: About a week and a half. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Well alright, looks like you guys have got it under control so I’m just gonna go. No! Really? Misery really does love company. All right! [line_index=2; stage=She gets up and Rachel looks at her, upset, and Monica just stares. She sits back down.]
- Monica: Rach, try holding her a different way. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: You guys, I’m doing the best I can, anyone else is welcome to try. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Alright, I’ll try, fine! Yes, Okay! [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Here you go. [line_index=6; stage=Hands Emma to Phoebe]
- Phoebe: Shh! Nothing works with this child! [line_index=7; stage=Hands her back.]
- Rachel: Oh god what am I gonna do you guys, I can’t even comfort my own baby! I’m the worst mother ever! [line_index=8]
- Monica: You’re just new at this, it’ll get better, think about your first day at work. I mean, that couldn’t have been easy but you figured that out. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Yeah I don’t think dressing provocatively is going to help me here! Oh my god just please take her. [line_index=10]
- Monica: Okay I’ll take her, here. [line_index=11; stage=Takes Emma]
- Rachel: I have to go to the bathroom. [line_index=12; stage=Goes to the bathroom]
- Phoebe: I have to go scream into a pillow. [line_index=13; stage=Goes to scream into a pillow]
- Monica: Bouncy baby, Bouncy baby, Ooh baby baby, Ooh baby baby, Ooh baby baby. [line_index=14; emotions=sadness; stage=To Emma Emma stops crying and falls asleep]
- Phoebe: Have I gone deaf? [line_index=15; stage=entering]
- Monica: It worked! Ooh baby baby baby, ooh baby baby baby! [line_index=16]
- Phoebe: You must be a fireball in bed. [line_index=17]
- Monica: I can’t believe it! She’s asleep! I got her to go to sleep! I have actual magical powers! [line_index=18]
- Phoebe: I can hear traffic and birds! I can hear the voices in my head again! I’m kidding. [line_index=19; stage=Monica looks at her strangely She smiles wickedly.]
- Rachel: Oh my God! You got her to stop crying! [line_index=20]
- Monica: Yes I did, I’m Monica, Super Aunt [line_index=21]
- Rachel: You are the official baby crier stopper! [line_index=22]
- Monica: Yes I am!! [line_index=23]
- Rachel: You’re never leaving the apartment! [line_index=24]
- Monica: Say what? [line_index=25]
- Rachel: That’s your new job, day and night, she starts crying I need you here. [line_index=26]
- Monica: Oh no no no no! [line_index=27; stage=stands up to hand Emma back]
- Phoebe: Thankfully you don’t need me at all so Okay Super aunt see you later! Rachel let’s give it six to eight months . [line_index=28; stage=gets up and to leave she leaves]
- Rachel: Okay so listen I’m gonna go lay down. [line_index=29]
- Monica: What? [line_index=30]
- Rachel: You know the book says that whenever she’s sleeping I should be sleeping so… [line_index=31; stage=She gives Monica thumbs and goes to lay down]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=32; stage=entering, loudly]
- Monica: Shhh! We just got her to go to sleep [line_index=33]
- Chandler: Oh so there can’t be any yelling. [line_index=34]
- Monica: No. [line_index=35]
- Chandler: We’re moving to Tulsa [line_index=36]
- Monica: What!? [line_index=37; stage=loudly]
- Chandler: Shhhh! Shhhhh! Shhhhh! Shhhhh! I can’t, I can’t hear you. [line_index=38; stage=Walks backwards towards the door He runs out]

## Scene s09e02_sc22 | Ross and Rachel’s
Description: Ross and Rachel’s, Ross enters.

- Ross: Hey. [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Heeeeey, where have you been? What happened to you? [line_index=1; stage=He shows her his thumb]
- Ross: Ah I had a little thing with Joey, if you think this is bad you should see him. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh no Ross! This is not good, we have to talk about this Joey thing. Please sit. You have got to get over this Joey thing, okay? I never really wanted to marry Joey, okay? [line_index=3; stage=He sits]
- Ross: Okay. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: You know what I really really want? [line_index=5]
- Ross: What, Rach? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: I wanna sleep, I wanna eat, I wanna take a shower, I mean before she wakes up and we gotta do this all over again. [line_index=7]
- Ross: Right. [line_index=8; stage=smiles]
- Rachel: I mean I got news for you mister, Emma? Not easy. [line_index=9]
- Ross: Well, that’s what I’m here for. Want me to get that? [line_index=10; emotions=sadness; stage=Emma starts crying again]
- Rachel: No its really okay… Monica! [line_index=11]
- Monica: Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! [line_index=12; stage=comes running out the kitchen to the bedroom]

## Scene s09e02_sc23 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk, Joey and Ross are sitting at one of the high tables.

- Joey: You know, ah, I’ve been thinking about this and I gotta tell ya, it’s not my fault. It’s a natural instinct. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Hey, what you guys talking about? [line_index=1; stage=enters]
- Joey: Hey OK great, what would you do if I did this? [line_index=2; stage=Swings to punch Chandler, he moves and he ends up punching Ross, knocking him off the stool. Ross then gets up and just stares at Joey.]
