---
episode_id: s10e05
title: Friends - 10.05 The One Where Rachel's Sister Baby-sits
season: 10
episode: 5
---

# S10E05 Friends - 10.05 The One Where Rachel's Sister Baby-sits

## Scene s10e05_sc01 | Unknown

- Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller [line_index=0]

## Scene s10e05_sc02 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk

- Rachel: You know, I'm thinking about letting Emma have her first cookie. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Her first cookie? She has cookies all the time! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I've never given her a cookie. Have you? [line_index=2]
- Joey: No! No... and, for the record, I've also never given her a frosting from a can! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Hey Rach, the adoption agency needs letters of recommendation and we were wondering if you would write one for us. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Of course, I'd be honored! [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Thanks! [line_index=6]
- Monica: Thank you! [line_index=7]

## Scene s10e05_sc03 | Central Perk
Description: Joey looks at them, disappointed about their decision

- Joey: U-U-Um, I think there's been an oversight. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Joey, we would've asked you, we just thought you wouldn't be interested. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Yeah, it's just we don't think of you as really being so much "with the words". [line_index=2]
- Joey: Whoo-weh hey weh-hey whoo hey!! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Clearly we were wrong. [line_index=4]
- Joey: I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys, ok? And I know how much you wanna have a baby, you know, and I would love to help you get one. [line_index=5]
- Monica: You know what? Then, Joey, we want you to do it. [line_index=6]
- Joey: Thank you! Alright, let me see how I'm gonna start... "Dear baby adoption decider people..." [line_index=7]
- Chandler: So excited about your letter! [line_index=8]

## Scene s10e05_sc04 | Phoebe enters
Description: Phoebe enters

- Phoebe: Hey! [line_index=0]
- All: Hey Phoebe! [line_index=1]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=2]
- Monica: Wow! Don't you look nice?! [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Yes, I do! Today is Mike and my one-year anniversary. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: OH! What's it the anniversary of? Your first date, your first kiss, first time you had sex... [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: YEAH! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: So you must be going to somewhere fancy to celebrate? [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Uh-uh. Ehm, a Knicks game. [line_index=8]
- Joey: Uhm... Aren't you a little overdressed? [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Hey, you know what, I've never had a one-year anniversary before, so no matter where we go, I'm wearing something fancy pants, and... I'm gonna put on my finest jewelry and we're gonna have sex in a public rest room. [line_index=10]
- Monica: You guys do that? Chandler won't even have sex in our bathroom! [line_index=11]
- Chandler: That's where people make number two!! [line_index=12]

## Scene s10e05_sc05 | Ross' apartment. Ross is grading papers. Charlie approaches him
Description: Ross' apartment. Ross is grading papers. Charlie approaches him.

- Charlie: Hey! [line_index=0; stage=They kiss and cuddle a little]
- Ross: Hey... [line_index=1]
- Charlie: So, you know... I have a little time. If you... if you want to... [line_index=2]
- Ross: Oh... Ohh... I'd love to but I really have to grade these papers. [line_index=3; stage=surprised he pauses sounds disappointed]
- Charlie: Fine, it's fine... I'll just shower by myself... [line_index=4; stage=she whispers]
- Ross: B, B, B, B, B! [line_index=5; stage=Writing on the papers]
- Charlie: Oh, Ross, you gave a B to a Pottery Barn catalogue. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Well, it had some good ideas, take off your shirt. [line_index=7]

## Scene s10e05_sc06 | Ross' apartment. Ross is grading papers. Charlie approaches him
Description: they start kissing but someone knocks at the door

- Ross: Damnit! [line_index=0]
- Amy: Rachel!! Open up!! It's your sister!! I have to talk to you!! [line_index=1; emotions=anger; stage=yelling from outside she knocks on the door again]
- Ross: Hi Amy! [line_index=2; stage=he opens the door]
- Amy: You're not Rachel. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Still sharp as a tack! [line_index=4]
- Amy: Um... Charlie, this is Rachel's sister Amy. Amy, this is Charlie. [line_index=5]
- Charlie: Hi! [line_index=6]
- Amy: Hi! [line_index=7]
- Charlie: Nice to meet you. [line_index=8]
- Amy: H-Hi!! And you are...? [line_index=9; stage=to Ross]
- Ross: Ross? I... I grew up on your block! We had Thanksgiving together last year... I had a baby with your sister! [line_index=10; stage=pause]
- Amy: N-no... uhm... did I buy a falafel from you yesterday? [line_index=11; emotions=confusion; stage=looks confused]
- Ross: Yes, yes, you did. [line_index=12; stage=gives up]

## Scene s10e05_sc07 | Joey and Rachel's apartment
Description: Joey and Rachel's apartment


## Scene s10e05_sc08 | Joey and Rachel's apartment
Description: Ross enters the apartment with Amy

- Ross: Hi Rachel! Here's your sister Amy! She thinks I need pec implants! [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Amy! Hi! Oh-oh-hoh! Wow! You remember Joey? [line_index=1; stage=they hug]
- Amy: Yeah! Hey, sure! The "Days of Our Lives" guy! [line_index=2]
- Joey: That's right, yeah. [line_index=3]
- Amy: You're not good! [line_index=4]
- Joey: Always nice to meet a fan! [line_index=5]
- Rachel: So now, what are you doing here? [line_index=6]
- Amy: Well, I have huge news. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Oh sorry, hold on. Let me just check on the baby! [line_index=8; emotions=sadness; stage=Emma starts crying in the other room]
- Amy: Wait, this is important! Can Ella wait? [line_index=9; stage=Rachel goes to Emma]
- Ross: Ehm... Her name is Emma . [line_index=10]
- Amy: Why did you change it, Ella was so much prettier! [line_index=11]
- Ross: What do I know? I just sell Middle Eastern food from a cart! [line_index=12]
- Amy: Hey, your English is getting better!! [line_index=13]
- Ross: Oh my God! [line_index=14; stage=to Joey]
- Joey: I know, she may be the hottest girl I've ever hated. [line_index=15]
- Ross: What... what you working on? [line_index=16]
- Joey: Oh, Monica and Chandler's recommendation. I want it to sound smart but.. I don't know any big words or anything, so... [line_index=17; stage=using a laptop]
- Ross: Why don't you use your Thesaurus? [line_index=18]
- Joey: What did I just say? [line_index=19]
- Ross: Watch. Here, you ehm... You highlight the word you want to change. Go under Tools and the Thesaurus generates... 'gives'... 'gives' a whole list of choices. You can pick the word that sounds smartest. [line_index=20; stage=he takes the laptop]
- Joey: Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm... "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Look out ladies, Joey Tribbiani's got the whole package!! [line_index=21; stage=he uses the Thesaurus]

## Scene s10e05_sc09 | Rachel's room. Rachel is attending to Emma. Amy is standing behind her
Description: Rachel's room. Rachel is attending to Emma. Amy is standing behind her.

- Rachel: God! [line_index=0]
- Amy: So beautiful. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she? [line_index=2]
- Amy: No, I was talking about your bedding. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy? [line_index=4]
- Amy: Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who? [line_index=6]
- Amy: This guy! He has a killer apartment. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: A-And?? [line_index=8]
- Amy: A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: No, what's he like? [line_index=10]
- Amy: Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark? [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=12]
- Amy: It's his dad. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be... [line_index=14]
- Amy: Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the apartment more than you like... [line_index=16]
- Amy: Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old! [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry? [line_index=18]
- Amy: Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went to sleep. [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. Uhm, so but anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever made. Honey, you deserve true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age, that is smart , that is fun and that you care about! [line_index=20; stage=pause]
- Amy: You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna do it! [line_index=21; stage=thinks about it]
- Rachel: Ok. [line_index=22]
- Amy: I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking for Mr Right. [line_index=23]
- Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking. [line_index=24]

## Scene s10e05_sc10 | Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to their seats
Description: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to their seats.

- Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. . Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my seat. It's my anniversary. Here we are! . Can’t believe it's been a whole year! [line_index=0; stage=looking at her ticket to Mike Mike nods]
- Mike: I know. This has been the best year... THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! [line_index=1; emotions=anger; stage=the crowd starts cheering so he starts yelling]
- Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! [line_index=2]
- Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND YOU'RE AMAZING IN BED IT’S OUR ANNIVERSARY! [line_index=4; stage=crowd stops cheering everyone hears it and stare at them. to everybody]
- Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. [line_index=5; stage=on the screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her]
- Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. [line_index=6]
- Mike: Really? [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! [line_index=8]
- Mike: Excuse me... . [line_index=9; stage=looks strangely shocked he leaves, then Phoebe realizes what she did]

## Scene s10e05_sc11 | Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room
Description: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room

- Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. [line_index=0; stage=he hands it over to Chandler]
- Chandler: I don’t... uh... understand. [line_index=1; stage=reading]
- Joey: Some of the words are a little too sophisticated for ya? [line_index=2; stage=sounding very proud of himself]
- Monica: It doesn’t make any sense. [line_index=3; stage=also reading it]
- Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: On every word? [line_index=5]
- Joey: Yep! [line_index=6]
- Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? [line_index=7; stage=shows the sentence to Joey]
- Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...? [line_index=9]
- Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. [line_index=10]
- Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Why not? [line_index=12]
- Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani . Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just be yourself! [line_index=13; stage=Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that' look]
- Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from here, your full sized aortic pump. [line_index=14; stage=points at his own heart]

## Scene s10e05_sc12 | The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel opens the door
Description: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel opens the door.

- Rachel: Amy, hi! [line_index=0]
- Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh, good for you! [line_index=2]
- Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! [line_index=4]
- Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. [line_index=6; stage=Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does not notice the huge amount of bags]
- Joey: Ah, look who’s back! Why do you have bags? RACH, WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? [line_index=7; stage=he sees the bags]
- Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! [line_index=8]
- Joey: What? [line_index=9]
- Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! Come on! [line_index=10; stage=she snaps her finger and points at Joey, snaps her fingers again and points to the bags]

## Scene s10e05_sc13 | Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room and Joey comes out of his room
Description: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room and Joey comes out of his room.

- Joey: You slept out here? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get off!’ [line_index=1]
- Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re getting rid of her. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!" I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! [line_index=4; stage=aping Amy badly]
- Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think it’s really good that she’s here. [line_index=5]
- Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of me. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys. See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna take patience, but that’s ok. [line_index=9]
- Amy: Good morning. [line_index=10]
- Joey: Yeaah. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why I hung it on the door. [line_index=12]
- Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. [line_index=14]
- Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. I am not happy. Oh... sure you wanna eat that? [line_index=15; stage=points at her eyebrows to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands]
- Joey: I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT! [line_index=16; emotions=anger; stage=yelling at her]

## Scene s10e05_sc14 | Monica’s Apartment. Rachel
Description: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler are there, Phoebe enters the room

- Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote me a rap song. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Seriously? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Word! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Well, what happened? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the big screen thing... [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning on proposing to me that same way last night! [line_index=9]
- Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! [line_index=11]
- Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean, I said no in Barbados and now this! [line_index=13]
- Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... Did I just say if I were a guy..? [line_index=14; stage=stops himself mid-sentence...everyone stares at him]
- Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to him! [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? [line_index=16]
- Monica: I proposed to Chandler! Alright, moving on... [line_index=17; emotions=joy; stage=Phoebe stops herself from laughing]
- Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! [line_index=18]
- Monica: Thank you. [line_index=19]
- Phoebe: Well, do you think I should propose? [line_index=20; stage=To Rachel and Ross]
- Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! [line_index=21]
- Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! [line_index=22]
- Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? [line_index=23]
- Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? [line_index=24]
- Rachel: Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? [line_index=25; emotions=sarcasm; stage=Sarcastically claps her hands together, faking excitement]
- Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to, plus he'd never suspect it! [line_index=26]
- Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two like that? [line_index=27; stage=points to Ross and Chandler]
- Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think? [line_index=28]

## Scene s10e05_sc15 | Monica’s Apartment. Rachel
Description: Amy walks in carrying a phone handset

- Amy: Nana is on the phone [line_index=0; stage=To Rachel Hands the phone over to Rachel]
- Rachel: Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years ago!! [line_index=1; stage=Takes the phone]
- Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Hello? Oh, it's our nanny! Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye! That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? [line_index=3; stage=Into the phone announces to Amy goes back to the phone conversation Hangs up To Ross]
- Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had? Because my throat's been hurting? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Menstrual cramps. [line_index=5]
- Ross: I don't think that's what this is. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Can any of you watch Emma? [line_index=7; stage=To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe]
- Monica: No, sorry sweety.. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? [line_index=10; stage=To Ross]
- Amy: Well, I can do it. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Well, actually... [line_index=12; stage=Thinks for a moment]
- Ross: Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? [line_index=13; stage=He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other side of the room]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=14]
- Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Why not? [line_index=16]
- Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella! [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! [line_index=18; stage=Defends Amy]
- Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Wha... the next one? [line_index=20; stage=Shocked]
- Ross: Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. [line_index=21; emotions=confusion; stage=a little confused]
- Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! [line_index=22]
- Ross: I... I don't know.. [line_index=23]
- Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows shaped to do this alright? Do you understand how important that is in our world? [line_index=24; stage=points at her own to emphasize the word]

## Scene s10e05_sc16 | Amy approaches from behind
Description: Amy approaches from behind

- Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to... Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's been so wonderful to me... [line_index=0; stage=looks at hem pleadingly]

## Scene s10e05_sc17 | Amy approaches from behind
Description: Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently

- Rachel: Absolutely. [line_index=0]
- Amy: Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? [line_index=1; emotions=joy; stage=very excited Ross just gives up and leaves]

## Scene s10e05_sc18 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk in.

- Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e05_sc19 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Chandler and Monica look shocked

- Monica: You dropped it off? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Yeah. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? [line_index=2]
- Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to hand-write it. [line_index=3; stage=Chandler and Monica look even more shocked]
- Monica: You hand-wrote it? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at all ! See ya later! [line_index=5; stage=Leaves]
- Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? I'll just call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. [line_index=7; stage=Takes out his mobile starts dialing]
- Monica: Okay good. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. Uh-huh... Uh-huh... okay... thank you. Good-bye. . [line_index=9; emotions=confusion; stage=on the phone listens hangs up looking very confused]
- Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way to the bird store. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: They loved it. [line_index=11; emotions=confusion; stage=Still looks confused]
- Monica: What? [line_index=12]
- Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a child write the recommendation letter. [line_index=13]
- Monica: They thought Joey was a child? [line_index=14; stage=surprised]
- Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings . [line_index=15]

## Scene s10e05_sc20 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller

- Amy: Hi! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? [line_index=1]
- Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: That sounds like fun. [line_index=3]
- Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. [line_index=4]

## Scene s10e05_sc21 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma

- Rachel: Hey! Hi, how's my girl? [line_index=0; stage=To Emma]
- Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Yeah! [line_index=2; emotions=joy; stage=sounds excited]

## Scene s10e05_sc22 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Amy takes off Emma's hat

- Amy: Ta-daaa! [line_index=0]

## Scene s10e05_sc23 | Rachel looks at Emma
Description: Rachel looks at Emma

- Rachel: You pierced her ears!? [line_index=0; emotions=joy; stage=not excited anymore]
- Amy: Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? [line_index=1; emotions=joy; stage=Very excited about it]

## Scene s10e05_sc24 | Rachel looks very shocked
Description: Rachel looks very shocked

- Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me? [line_index=0]
- Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would it? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I think she looks cute. ... but I am wrong! [line_index=2; stage=Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily]
- Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. [line_index=3]
- Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Ugh. [line_index=5; stage=takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it]

## Scene s10e05_sc25 | Ross enters
Description: Ross enters

- Ross: Hey guys. [line_index=0]
- Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see. . [line_index=2; stage=Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him]
- Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Why not? [line_index=4]
- Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like meat? [line_index=6]
- Ross: Come here Oh! There she is! Hi! [line_index=7; stage=Removes Emma's hat]

## Scene s10e05_sc26 | Rachel looks worried
Description: Rachel looks worried

- Ross: What? [line_index=0; stage=sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him]
- Rachel: Nothing. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hi! What... . Please tell me those are clip-ons. [line_index=2; emotions=confusion; stage=Back to Emma Looks at her Moves the stroller away from him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he realizes the difference and gasps]
- Rachel: Oh, they're real! [line_index=3]
- Ross: Did she do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have left Emma with her! [line_index=4; stage=points at Amy]
- Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. You are soo irresponsible I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! [line_index=5; stage=To Amy]
- Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs to have a cool fun aunt! [line_index=6]
- Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! [line_index=7]
- Amy: O-Okay! [line_index=8; emotions=sarcasm; stage=Sarcastically]
- Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! [line_index=9]
- Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? [line_index=10]
- Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going to do with my life. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? [line_index=12]
- Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=14; stage=looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief]
- Ross: That's not a thing ! [line_index=15]
- Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Babies don't care if they're slim. [line_index=17; stage=shouting]
- Amy: Enter Amy! [line_index=18]
- Ross: Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... [line_index=19; emotions=anger; stage=very angry]
- Amy: What? What are you gonna do? [line_index=20]
- Ross: No more falafel for you! [line_index=21; stage=pointing at Amy, shouting Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant and looks at Ross who gestures "later".]

## Scene s10e05_sc27 | Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the game. There's cheering
Description: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.

- Mike: Great game, huh? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... [line_index=1; stage=seems distracted]
- Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. Please let the Knicks win... Thank you Thor! Where... where are you going? [line_index=3; stage=looking up Mike is standing up]
- Mike: Going go to the bathroom. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. [line_index=5]
- Mike: Why? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the nutrients. [line_index=7]
- Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. [line_index=8; stage=We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of Mike.]
- Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? [line_index=9; stage=Mike looks bewildered]
- Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing to him . Guess we know who wears the pants in that family. [line_index=10; emotions=joy; stage=people are laughing, while Mike still seems bewildered]
- Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! [line_index=11; stage=There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him]
- Phoebe: Hey, hey! Boo us? Boo you! [line_index=12; stage=shouting]

## Scene s10e05_sc28 | Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone rings
Description: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone rings.

- Joey: Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani... Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home right now... Okay, bye bye. She was nice! [line_index=0; stage=picks up the phone looks puzzled hangs up to himself]

## Scene s10e05_sc29 | Rachel and Amy enter
Description: Rachel and Amy enter

- Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Whoo-hoo! [line_index=1; stage=and leaves for Rachel's room]
- Amy: You're kicking me out? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! [line_index=3]
- Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl ! [line_index=4]
- Rachel: I can't believe I ever even tried to help you. You are so beyond help. [line_index=5; stage=gasps]
- Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Excuse me? [line_index=7]
- Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then, I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws And suddenly I am the bad guy? [line_index=8; stage=frantically pointing at her nose]
- Rachel: Joey, where are those bags? [line_index=9; emotions=anger; stage=yelling]
- Joey: She has a lot of crap! [line_index=10; emotions=anger; stage=Yelling from Rachel's room]
- Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great. Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Seriously? [line_index=12; stage=doesn't believe what she's hearing]
- Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Hips or thighs? [line_index=14]
- Amy: Ass and face. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. [line_index=16; stage=gasps]
- Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking about real stuff. [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Oh, I can give you that. [line_index=18; stage=embarrassed]
- Amy: You can? [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're... you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. [line_index=20]
- Amy: Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. [line_index=21; stage=touched]
- Rachel: Did you just say Emma? [line_index=22]
- Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella. [line_index=23]

## Scene s10e05_sc30 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.

- Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking about. Mike, obviously you have balls. [line_index=0]
- Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: I would love it. Consider it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose, I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who hides it in the cake. [line_index=2; stage=the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table]

## Scene s10e05_sc31 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.

- Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? [line_index=0]
- Mike: Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? [line_index=1; stage=puts on a fake smile he takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin]
- Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm sorry! [line_index=2]
- Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e05_sc32 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face

- Mike: I'm gonna do this now . [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh my God! [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e05_sc33 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.

- Mike: Phoebe, I... [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! Oh no! [line_index=1; stage=she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then... She was wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.]
- Mike: Ready? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Uh-huh! [line_index=3; stage=and now Mike kneels properly]
- Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Yes! [line_index=5]

## Scene s10e05_sc34 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike puts the ring on her finger

- Mike: I love you! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: I love you more! [line_index=1]
- Mike: Not possible! She's gonna be Mrs. No Balls. [line_index=2; stage=they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...]

## Scene s10e05_sc35 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.


## Scene s10e05_sc36 | The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are walking on the sidewalk
Description: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are walking on the sidewalk.

- Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? [line_index=0]
- Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies are ugly. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: That's shocking! [line_index=2]
- Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! Hello-oo Ross! He's rude! THE END [line_index=3; stage=She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand, whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair. to Rachel]

## Scene s10e05_sc37 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk

- Rachel: You know, I'm thinking about letting Emma have her first cookie. [line_index=0]
- Joey: Her first cookie? She has cookies all the time! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I've never given her a cookie. Have you? [line_index=2]
- Joey: No! No... and, for the record, I've also never given her a frosting from a can! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Hey Rach, the adoption agency needs letters of recommendation and we were wondering if you would write one for us. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Of course, I'd be honored! [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Thanks! [line_index=6]
- Monica: Thank you! [line_index=7]

## Scene s10e05_sc38 | Central Perk
Description: Joey looks at them, disappointed about their decision

- Joey: U-U-Um, I think there's been an oversight. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Joey, we would've asked you, we just thought you wouldn't be interested. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Yeah, it's just we don't think of you as really being so much "with the words". [line_index=2]
- Joey: Whoo-weh hey weh-hey whoo hey!! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Clearly we were wrong. [line_index=4]
- Joey: I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys, ok? And I know how much you wanna have a baby, you know, and I would love to help you get one. [line_index=5]
- Monica: You know what? Then, Joey, we want you to do it. [line_index=6]
- Joey: Thank you! Alright, let me see how I'm gonna start... "Dear baby adoption decider people..." [line_index=7]
- Chandler: So excited about your letter! [line_index=8]

## Scene s10e05_sc39 | Phoebe enters
Description: Phoebe enters

- Phoebe: Hey! [line_index=0]
- All: Hey Phoebe! [line_index=1]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=2]
- Monica: Wow! Don't you look nice?! [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: Yes, I do! Today is Mike and my one-year anniversary. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: OH! What's it the anniversary of? Your first date, your first kiss, first time you had sex... [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: YEAH! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: So you must be going to somewhere fancy to celebrate? [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Uh-uh. Ehm, a Knicks game. [line_index=8]
- Joey: Uhm... Aren't you a little overdressed? [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Hey, you know what, I've never had a one-year anniversary before, so no matter where we go, I'm wearing something fancy pants, and... I'm gonna put on my finest jewelry and we're gonna have sex in a public rest room. [line_index=10]
- Monica: You guys do that? Chandler won't even have sex in our bathroom! [line_index=11]
- Chandler: That's where people make number two!! [line_index=12]

## Scene s10e05_sc40 | Ross' apartment. Ross is grading papers. Charlie approaches him
Description: Ross' apartment. Ross is grading papers. Charlie approaches him.

- Charlie: Hey! [line_index=0; stage=They kiss and cuddle a little]
- Ross: Hey... [line_index=1]
- Charlie: So, you know... I have a little time. If you... if you want to... [line_index=2]
- Ross: Oh... Ohh... I'd love to but I really have to grade these papers. [line_index=3; stage=surprised he pauses sounds disappointed]
- Charlie: Fine, it's fine... I'll just shower by myself... [line_index=4; stage=she whispers]
- Ross: B, B, B, B, B! [line_index=5; stage=Writing on the papers]
- Charlie: Oh, Ross, you gave a B to a Pottery Barn catalogue. [line_index=6]
- Ross: Well, it had some good ideas, take off your shirt. [line_index=7]

## Scene s10e05_sc41 | Ross' apartment. Ross is grading papers. Charlie approaches him
Description: they start kissing but someone knocks at the door

- Ross: Damnit! [line_index=0]
- Amy: Rachel!! Open up!! It's your sister!! I have to talk to you!! [line_index=1; emotions=anger; stage=yelling from outside she knocks on the door again]
- Ross: Hi Amy! [line_index=2; stage=he opens the door]
- Amy: You're not Rachel. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Still sharp as a tack! [line_index=4]
- Amy: Um... Charlie, this is Rachel's sister Amy. Amy, this is Charlie. [line_index=5]
- Charlie: Hi! [line_index=6]
- Amy: Hi! [line_index=7]
- Charlie: Nice to meet you. [line_index=8]
- Amy: H-Hi!! And you are...? [line_index=9; stage=to Ross]
- Ross: Ross? I... I grew up on your block! We had Thanksgiving together last year... I had a baby with your sister! [line_index=10; stage=pause]
- Amy: N-no... uhm... did I buy a falafel from you yesterday? [line_index=11; emotions=confusion; stage=looks confused]
- Ross: Yes, yes, you did. [line_index=12; stage=gives up]

## Scene s10e05_sc42 | Joey and Rachel's apartment
Description: Joey and Rachel's apartment


## Scene s10e05_sc43 | Joey and Rachel's apartment
Description: Ross enters the apartment with Amy

- Ross: Hi Rachel! Here's your sister Amy! She thinks I need pec implants! [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Amy! Hi! Oh-oh-hoh! Wow! You remember Joey? [line_index=1; stage=they hug]
- Amy: Yeah! Hey, sure! The "Days of Our Lives" guy! [line_index=2]
- Joey: That's right, yeah. [line_index=3]
- Amy: You're not good! [line_index=4]
- Joey: Always nice to meet a fan! [line_index=5]
- Rachel: So now, what are you doing here? [line_index=6]
- Amy: Well, I have huge news. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Oh sorry, hold on. Let me just check on the baby! [line_index=8; emotions=sadness; stage=Emma starts crying in the other room]
- Amy: Wait, this is important! Can Ella wait? [line_index=9; stage=Rachel goes to Emma]
- Ross: Ehm... Her name is Emma . [line_index=10]
- Amy: Why did you change it, Ella was so much prettier! [line_index=11]
- Ross: What do I know? I just sell Middle Eastern food from a cart! [line_index=12]
- Amy: Hey, your English is getting better!! [line_index=13]
- Ross: Oh my God! [line_index=14; stage=to Joey]
- Joey: I know, she may be the hottest girl I've ever hated. [line_index=15]
- Ross: What... what you working on? [line_index=16]
- Joey: Oh, Monica and Chandler's recommendation. I want it to sound smart but.. I don't know any big words or anything, so... [line_index=17; stage=using a laptop]
- Ross: Why don't you use your Thesaurus? [line_index=18]
- Joey: What did I just say? [line_index=19]
- Ross: Watch. Here, you ehm... You highlight the word you want to change. Go under Tools and the Thesaurus generates... 'gives'... 'gives' a whole list of choices. You can pick the word that sounds smartest. [line_index=20; stage=he takes the laptop]
- Joey: Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm... "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Look out ladies, Joey Tribbiani's got the whole package!! [line_index=21; stage=he uses the Thesaurus]

## Scene s10e05_sc44 | Rachel's room. Rachel is attending to Emma. Amy is standing behind her
Description: Rachel's room. Rachel is attending to Emma. Amy is standing behind her.

- Rachel: God! [line_index=0]
- Amy: So beautiful. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she? [line_index=2]
- Amy: No, I was talking about your bedding. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy? [line_index=4]
- Amy: Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who? [line_index=6]
- Amy: This guy! He has a killer apartment. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: A-And?? [line_index=8]
- Amy: A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: No, what's he like? [line_index=10]
- Amy: Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark? [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=12]
- Amy: It's his dad. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be... [line_index=14]
- Amy: Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the apartment more than you like... [line_index=16]
- Amy: Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old! [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry? [line_index=18]
- Amy: Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went to sleep. [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. Uhm, so but anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever made. Honey, you deserve true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age, that is smart , that is fun and that you care about! [line_index=20; stage=pause]
- Amy: You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna do it! [line_index=21; stage=thinks about it]
- Rachel: Ok. [line_index=22]
- Amy: I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking for Mr Right. [line_index=23]
- Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking. [line_index=24]

## Scene s10e05_sc45 | Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to their seats
Description: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to their seats.

- Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. . Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my seat. It's my anniversary. Here we are! . Can’t believe it's been a whole year! [line_index=0; stage=looking at her ticket to Mike Mike nods]
- Mike: I know. This has been the best year... THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! [line_index=1; emotions=anger; stage=the crowd starts cheering so he starts yelling]
- Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! [line_index=2]
- Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND YOU'RE AMAZING IN BED IT’S OUR ANNIVERSARY! [line_index=4; stage=crowd stops cheering everyone hears it and stare at them. to everybody]
- Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. [line_index=5; stage=on the screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her]
- Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. [line_index=6]
- Mike: Really? [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! [line_index=8]
- Mike: Excuse me... . [line_index=9; stage=looks strangely shocked he leaves, then Phoebe realizes what she did]

## Scene s10e05_sc46 | Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room
Description: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room

- Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. [line_index=0; stage=he hands it over to Chandler]
- Chandler: I don’t... uh... understand. [line_index=1; stage=reading]
- Joey: Some of the words are a little too sophisticated for ya? [line_index=2; stage=sounding very proud of himself]
- Monica: It doesn’t make any sense. [line_index=3; stage=also reading it]
- Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: On every word? [line_index=5]
- Joey: Yep! [line_index=6]
- Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? [line_index=7; stage=shows the sentence to Joey]
- Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...? [line_index=9]
- Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. [line_index=10]
- Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Why not? [line_index=12]
- Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani . Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just be yourself! [line_index=13; stage=Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that' look]
- Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from here, your full sized aortic pump. [line_index=14; stage=points at his own heart]

## Scene s10e05_sc47 | The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel opens the door
Description: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel opens the door.

- Rachel: Amy, hi! [line_index=0]
- Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh, good for you! [line_index=2]
- Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! [line_index=4]
- Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. [line_index=6; stage=Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does not notice the huge amount of bags]
- Joey: Ah, look who’s back! Why do you have bags? RACH, WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? [line_index=7; stage=he sees the bags]
- Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! [line_index=8]
- Joey: What? [line_index=9]
- Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! Come on! [line_index=10; stage=she snaps her finger and points at Joey, snaps her fingers again and points to the bags]

## Scene s10e05_sc48 | Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room and Joey comes out of his room
Description: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room and Joey comes out of his room.

- Joey: You slept out here? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get off!’ [line_index=1]
- Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re getting rid of her. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!" I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! [line_index=4; stage=aping Amy badly]
- Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think it’s really good that she’s here. [line_index=5]
- Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of me. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys. See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna take patience, but that’s ok. [line_index=9]
- Amy: Good morning. [line_index=10]
- Joey: Yeaah. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why I hung it on the door. [line_index=12]
- Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. [line_index=14]
- Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. I am not happy. Oh... sure you wanna eat that? [line_index=15; stage=points at her eyebrows to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands]
- Joey: I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT! [line_index=16; emotions=anger; stage=yelling at her]

## Scene s10e05_sc49 | Monica’s Apartment. Rachel
Description: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler are there, Phoebe enters the room

- Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote me a rap song. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Seriously? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Word! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Well, what happened? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the big screen thing... [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning on proposing to me that same way last night! [line_index=9]
- Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! [line_index=11]
- Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean, I said no in Barbados and now this! [line_index=13]
- Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... Did I just say if I were a guy..? [line_index=14; stage=stops himself mid-sentence...everyone stares at him]
- Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to him! [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? [line_index=16]
- Monica: I proposed to Chandler! Alright, moving on... [line_index=17; emotions=joy; stage=Phoebe stops herself from laughing]
- Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! [line_index=18]
- Monica: Thank you. [line_index=19]
- Phoebe: Well, do you think I should propose? [line_index=20; stage=To Rachel and Ross]
- Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! [line_index=21]
- Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! [line_index=22]
- Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? [line_index=23]
- Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? [line_index=24]
- Rachel: Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? [line_index=25; emotions=sarcasm; stage=Sarcastically claps her hands together, faking excitement]
- Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to, plus he'd never suspect it! [line_index=26]
- Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two like that? [line_index=27; stage=points to Ross and Chandler]
- Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think? [line_index=28]

## Scene s10e05_sc50 | Monica’s Apartment. Rachel
Description: Amy walks in carrying a phone handset

- Amy: Nana is on the phone [line_index=0; stage=To Rachel Hands the phone over to Rachel]
- Rachel: Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years ago!! [line_index=1; stage=Takes the phone]
- Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Hello? Oh, it's our nanny! Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye! That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? [line_index=3; stage=Into the phone announces to Amy goes back to the phone conversation Hangs up To Ross]
- Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had? Because my throat's been hurting? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Menstrual cramps. [line_index=5]
- Ross: I don't think that's what this is. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Can any of you watch Emma? [line_index=7; stage=To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe]
- Monica: No, sorry sweety.. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? [line_index=10; stage=To Ross]
- Amy: Well, I can do it. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Well, actually... [line_index=12; stage=Thinks for a moment]
- Ross: Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? [line_index=13; stage=He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other side of the room]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=14]
- Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Why not? [line_index=16]
- Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella! [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! [line_index=18; stage=Defends Amy]
- Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Wha... the next one? [line_index=20; stage=Shocked]
- Ross: Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. [line_index=21; emotions=confusion; stage=a little confused]
- Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! [line_index=22]
- Ross: I... I don't know.. [line_index=23]
- Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows shaped to do this alright? Do you understand how important that is in our world? [line_index=24; stage=points at her own to emphasize the word]

## Scene s10e05_sc51 | Amy approaches from behind
Description: Amy approaches from behind

- Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to... Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's been so wonderful to me... [line_index=0; stage=looks at hem pleadingly]

## Scene s10e05_sc52 | Amy approaches from behind
Description: Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently

- Rachel: Absolutely. [line_index=0]
- Amy: Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? [line_index=1; emotions=joy; stage=very excited Ross just gives up and leaves]

## Scene s10e05_sc53 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk in.

- Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e05_sc54 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Chandler and Monica look shocked

- Monica: You dropped it off? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Yeah. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? [line_index=2]
- Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to hand-write it. [line_index=3; stage=Chandler and Monica look even more shocked]
- Monica: You hand-wrote it? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at all ! See ya later! [line_index=5; stage=Leaves]
- Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? I'll just call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. [line_index=7; stage=Takes out his mobile starts dialing]
- Monica: Okay good. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. Uh-huh... Uh-huh... okay... thank you. Good-bye. . [line_index=9; emotions=confusion; stage=on the phone listens hangs up looking very confused]
- Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way to the bird store. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: They loved it. [line_index=11; emotions=confusion; stage=Still looks confused]
- Monica: What? [line_index=12]
- Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a child write the recommendation letter. [line_index=13]
- Monica: They thought Joey was a child? [line_index=14; stage=surprised]
- Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings . [line_index=15]

## Scene s10e05_sc55 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller

- Amy: Hi! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? [line_index=1]
- Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: That sounds like fun. [line_index=3]
- Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. [line_index=4]

## Scene s10e05_sc56 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma

- Rachel: Hey! Hi, how's my girl? [line_index=0; stage=To Emma]
- Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Yeah! [line_index=2; emotions=joy; stage=sounds excited]

## Scene s10e05_sc57 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Amy takes off Emma's hat

- Amy: Ta-daaa! [line_index=0]

## Scene s10e05_sc58 | Rachel looks at Emma
Description: Rachel looks at Emma

- Rachel: You pierced her ears!? [line_index=0; emotions=joy; stage=not excited anymore]
- Amy: Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? [line_index=1; emotions=joy; stage=Very excited about it]

## Scene s10e05_sc59 | Rachel looks very shocked
Description: Rachel looks very shocked

- Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me? [line_index=0]
- Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would it? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I think she looks cute. ... but I am wrong! [line_index=2; stage=Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily]
- Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. [line_index=3]
- Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Ugh. [line_index=5; stage=takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it]

## Scene s10e05_sc60 | Ross enters
Description: Ross enters

- Ross: Hey guys. [line_index=0]
- Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see. . [line_index=2; stage=Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him]
- Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Why not? [line_index=4]
- Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like meat? [line_index=6]
- Ross: Come here Oh! There she is! Hi! [line_index=7; stage=Removes Emma's hat]

## Scene s10e05_sc61 | Rachel looks worried
Description: Rachel looks worried

- Ross: What? [line_index=0; stage=sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him]
- Rachel: Nothing. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hi! What... . Please tell me those are clip-ons. [line_index=2; emotions=confusion; stage=Back to Emma Looks at her Moves the stroller away from him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he realizes the difference and gasps]
- Rachel: Oh, they're real! [line_index=3]
- Ross: Did she do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have left Emma with her! [line_index=4; stage=points at Amy]
- Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. You are soo irresponsible I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! [line_index=5; stage=To Amy]
- Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs to have a cool fun aunt! [line_index=6]
- Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! [line_index=7]
- Amy: O-Okay! [line_index=8; emotions=sarcasm; stage=Sarcastically]
- Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! [line_index=9]
- Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? [line_index=10]
- Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going to do with my life. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? [line_index=12]
- Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=14; stage=looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief]
- Ross: That's not a thing ! [line_index=15]
- Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Babies don't care if they're slim. [line_index=17; stage=shouting]
- Amy: Enter Amy! [line_index=18]
- Ross: Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... [line_index=19; emotions=anger; stage=very angry]
- Amy: What? What are you gonna do? [line_index=20]
- Ross: No more falafel for you! [line_index=21; stage=pointing at Amy, shouting Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant and looks at Ross who gestures "later".]

## Scene s10e05_sc62 | Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the game. There's cheering
Description: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.

- Mike: Great game, huh? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... [line_index=1; stage=seems distracted]
- Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. Please let the Knicks win... Thank you Thor! Where... where are you going? [line_index=3; stage=looking up Mike is standing up]
- Mike: Going go to the bathroom. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. [line_index=5]
- Mike: Why? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the nutrients. [line_index=7]
- Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. [line_index=8; stage=We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of Mike.]
- Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? [line_index=9; stage=Mike looks bewildered]
- Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing to him . Guess we know who wears the pants in that family. [line_index=10; emotions=joy; stage=people are laughing, while Mike still seems bewildered]
- Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! [line_index=11; stage=There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him]
- Phoebe: Hey, hey! Boo us? Boo you! [line_index=12; stage=shouting]

## Scene s10e05_sc63 | Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone rings
Description: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone rings.

- Joey: Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani... Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home right now... Okay, bye bye. She was nice! [line_index=0; stage=picks up the phone looks puzzled hangs up to himself]

## Scene s10e05_sc64 | Rachel and Amy enter
Description: Rachel and Amy enter

- Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Whoo-hoo! [line_index=1; stage=and leaves for Rachel's room]
- Amy: You're kicking me out? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! [line_index=3]
- Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl ! [line_index=4]
- Rachel: I can't believe I ever even tried to help you. You are so beyond help. [line_index=5; stage=gasps]
- Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Excuse me? [line_index=7]
- Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then, I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws And suddenly I am the bad guy? [line_index=8; stage=frantically pointing at her nose]
- Rachel: Joey, where are those bags? [line_index=9; emotions=anger; stage=yelling]
- Joey: She has a lot of crap! [line_index=10; emotions=anger; stage=Yelling from Rachel's room]
- Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great. Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Seriously? [line_index=12; stage=doesn't believe what she's hearing]
- Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Hips or thighs? [line_index=14]
- Amy: Ass and face. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. [line_index=16; stage=gasps]
- Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking about real stuff. [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Oh, I can give you that. [line_index=18; stage=embarrassed]
- Amy: You can? [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're... you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. [line_index=20]
- Amy: Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. [line_index=21; stage=touched]
- Rachel: Did you just say Emma? [line_index=22]
- Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella. [line_index=23]

## Scene s10e05_sc65 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.

- Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking about. Mike, obviously you have balls. [line_index=0]
- Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: I would love it. Consider it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose, I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who hides it in the cake. [line_index=2; stage=the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table]

## Scene s10e05_sc66 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.

- Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? [line_index=0]
- Mike: Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? [line_index=1; stage=puts on a fake smile he takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin]
- Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm sorry! [line_index=2]
- Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e05_sc67 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face

- Mike: I'm gonna do this now . [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh my God! [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e05_sc68 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.

- Mike: Phoebe, I... [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! Oh no! [line_index=1; stage=she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then... She was wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.]
- Mike: Ready? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Uh-huh! [line_index=3; stage=and now Mike kneels properly]
- Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Yes! [line_index=5]

## Scene s10e05_sc69 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike puts the ring on her finger

- Mike: I love you! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: I love you more! [line_index=1]
- Mike: Not possible! She's gonna be Mrs. No Balls. [line_index=2; stage=they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...]

## Scene s10e05_sc70 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.


## Scene s10e05_sc71 | The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are walking on the sidewalk
Description: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are walking on the sidewalk.

- Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? [line_index=0]
- Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies are ugly. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: That's shocking! [line_index=2]
- Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! Hello-oo Ross! He's rude! THE END [line_index=3; stage=She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand, whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair. to Rachel]
- Rachel: God! [line_index=4]
- Amy: So beautiful. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she? [line_index=6]
- Amy: No, I was talking about your bedding. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy? [line_index=8]
- Amy: Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who? [line_index=10]
- Amy: This guy! He has a killer apartment. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: A-And?? [line_index=12]
- Amy: A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: No, what's he like? [line_index=14]
- Amy: Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark? [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=16]
- Amy: It's his dad. [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be... [line_index=18]
- Amy: Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there. [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the apartment more than you like... [line_index=20]
- Amy: Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old! [line_index=21]
- Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry? [line_index=22]
- Amy: Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went to sleep. [line_index=23]
- Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. Uhm, so but anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever made. Honey, you deserve true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age, that is smart , that is fun and that you care about! [line_index=24; stage=pause]
- Amy: You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna do it! [line_index=25; stage=thinks about it]
- Rachel: Ok. [line_index=26]
- Amy: I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking for Mr Right. [line_index=27]
- Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking. [line_index=28]

## Scene s10e05_sc72 | Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to their seats
Description: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to their seats.

- Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. . Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my seat. It's my anniversary. Here we are! . Can’t believe it's been a whole year! [line_index=0; stage=looking at her ticket to Mike Mike nods]
- Mike: I know. This has been the best year... THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! [line_index=1; emotions=anger; stage=the crowd starts cheering so he starts yelling]
- Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! [line_index=2]
- Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND YOU'RE AMAZING IN BED IT’S OUR ANNIVERSARY! [line_index=4; stage=crowd stops cheering everyone hears it and stare at them. to everybody]
- Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. [line_index=5; stage=on the screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her]
- Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. [line_index=6]
- Mike: Really? [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! [line_index=8]
- Mike: Excuse me... . [line_index=9; stage=looks strangely shocked he leaves, then Phoebe realizes what she did]

## Scene s10e05_sc73 | Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room
Description: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room

- Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. [line_index=0; stage=he hands it over to Chandler]
- Chandler: I don’t... uh... understand. [line_index=1; stage=reading]
- Joey: Some of the words are a little too sophisticated for ya? [line_index=2; stage=sounding very proud of himself]
- Monica: It doesn’t make any sense. [line_index=3; stage=also reading it]
- Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: On every word? [line_index=5]
- Joey: Yep! [line_index=6]
- Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? [line_index=7; stage=shows the sentence to Joey]
- Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...? [line_index=9]
- Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. [line_index=10]
- Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Why not? [line_index=12]
- Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani . Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just be yourself! [line_index=13; stage=Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that' look]
- Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from here, your full sized aortic pump. [line_index=14; stage=points at his own heart]

## Scene s10e05_sc74 | The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel opens the door
Description: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel opens the door.

- Rachel: Amy, hi! [line_index=0]
- Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh, good for you! [line_index=2]
- Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! [line_index=4]
- Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. [line_index=6; stage=Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does not notice the huge amount of bags]
- Joey: Ah, look who’s back! Why do you have bags? RACH, WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? [line_index=7; stage=he sees the bags]
- Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! [line_index=8]
- Joey: What? [line_index=9]
- Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! Come on! [line_index=10; stage=she snaps her finger and points at Joey, snaps her fingers again and points to the bags]

## Scene s10e05_sc75 | Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room and Joey comes out of his room
Description: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room and Joey comes out of his room.

- Joey: You slept out here? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get off!’ [line_index=1]
- Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re getting rid of her. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!" I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! [line_index=4; stage=aping Amy badly]
- Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think it’s really good that she’s here. [line_index=5]
- Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of me. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys. See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna take patience, but that’s ok. [line_index=9]
- Amy: Good morning. [line_index=10]
- Joey: Yeaah. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why I hung it on the door. [line_index=12]
- Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. [line_index=14]
- Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. I am not happy. Oh... sure you wanna eat that? [line_index=15; stage=points at her eyebrows to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands]
- Joey: I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT! [line_index=16; emotions=anger; stage=yelling at her]

## Scene s10e05_sc76 | Monica’s Apartment. Rachel
Description: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler are there, Phoebe enters the room

- Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote me a rap song. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Seriously? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Word! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Well, what happened? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the big screen thing... [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning on proposing to me that same way last night! [line_index=9]
- Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! [line_index=11]
- Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean, I said no in Barbados and now this! [line_index=13]
- Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... Did I just say if I were a guy..? [line_index=14; stage=stops himself mid-sentence...everyone stares at him]
- Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to him! [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? [line_index=16]
- Monica: I proposed to Chandler! Alright, moving on... [line_index=17; emotions=joy; stage=Phoebe stops herself from laughing]
- Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! [line_index=18]
- Monica: Thank you. [line_index=19]
- Phoebe: Well, do you think I should propose? [line_index=20; stage=To Rachel and Ross]
- Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! [line_index=21]
- Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! [line_index=22]
- Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? [line_index=23]
- Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? [line_index=24]
- Rachel: Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? [line_index=25; emotions=sarcasm; stage=Sarcastically claps her hands together, faking excitement]
- Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to, plus he'd never suspect it! [line_index=26]
- Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two like that? [line_index=27; stage=points to Ross and Chandler]
- Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think? [line_index=28]

## Scene s10e05_sc77 | Monica’s Apartment. Rachel
Description: Amy walks in carrying a phone handset

- Amy: Nana is on the phone [line_index=0; stage=To Rachel Hands the phone over to Rachel]
- Rachel: Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years ago!! [line_index=1; stage=Takes the phone]
- Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Hello? Oh, it's our nanny! Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye! That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? [line_index=3; stage=Into the phone announces to Amy goes back to the phone conversation Hangs up To Ross]
- Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had? Because my throat's been hurting? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Menstrual cramps. [line_index=5]
- Ross: I don't think that's what this is. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Can any of you watch Emma? [line_index=7; stage=To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe]
- Monica: No, sorry sweety.. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? [line_index=10; stage=To Ross]
- Amy: Well, I can do it. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Well, actually... [line_index=12; stage=Thinks for a moment]
- Ross: Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? [line_index=13; stage=He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other side of the room]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=14]
- Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Why not? [line_index=16]
- Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella! [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! [line_index=18; stage=Defends Amy]
- Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Wha... the next one? [line_index=20; stage=Shocked]
- Ross: Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. [line_index=21; emotions=confusion; stage=a little confused]
- Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! [line_index=22]
- Ross: I... I don't know.. [line_index=23]
- Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows shaped to do this alright? Do you understand how important that is in our world? [line_index=24; stage=points at her own to emphasize the word]

## Scene s10e05_sc78 | Amy approaches from behind
Description: Amy approaches from behind

- Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to... Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's been so wonderful to me... [line_index=0; stage=looks at hem pleadingly]

## Scene s10e05_sc79 | Amy approaches from behind
Description: Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently

- Rachel: Absolutely. [line_index=0]
- Amy: Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? [line_index=1; emotions=joy; stage=very excited Ross just gives up and leaves]

## Scene s10e05_sc80 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk in.

- Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e05_sc81 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Chandler and Monica look shocked

- Monica: You dropped it off? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Yeah. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? [line_index=2]
- Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to hand-write it. [line_index=3; stage=Chandler and Monica look even more shocked]
- Monica: You hand-wrote it? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at all ! See ya later! [line_index=5; stage=Leaves]
- Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? I'll just call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. [line_index=7; stage=Takes out his mobile starts dialing]
- Monica: Okay good. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. Uh-huh... Uh-huh... okay... thank you. Good-bye. . [line_index=9; emotions=confusion; stage=on the phone listens hangs up looking very confused]
- Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way to the bird store. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: They loved it. [line_index=11; emotions=confusion; stage=Still looks confused]
- Monica: What? [line_index=12]
- Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a child write the recommendation letter. [line_index=13]
- Monica: They thought Joey was a child? [line_index=14; stage=surprised]
- Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings . [line_index=15]

## Scene s10e05_sc82 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller

- Amy: Hi! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? [line_index=1]
- Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: That sounds like fun. [line_index=3]
- Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. [line_index=4]

## Scene s10e05_sc83 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma

- Rachel: Hey! Hi, how's my girl? [line_index=0; stage=To Emma]
- Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Yeah! [line_index=2; emotions=joy; stage=sounds excited]

## Scene s10e05_sc84 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Amy takes off Emma's hat

- Amy: Ta-daaa! [line_index=0]

## Scene s10e05_sc85 | Rachel looks at Emma
Description: Rachel looks at Emma

- Rachel: You pierced her ears!? [line_index=0; emotions=joy; stage=not excited anymore]
- Amy: Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? [line_index=1; emotions=joy; stage=Very excited about it]

## Scene s10e05_sc86 | Rachel looks very shocked
Description: Rachel looks very shocked

- Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me? [line_index=0]
- Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would it? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I think she looks cute. ... but I am wrong! [line_index=2; stage=Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily]
- Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. [line_index=3]
- Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Ugh. [line_index=5; stage=takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it]

## Scene s10e05_sc87 | Ross enters
Description: Ross enters

- Ross: Hey guys. [line_index=0]
- Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see. . [line_index=2; stage=Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him]
- Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Why not? [line_index=4]
- Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like meat? [line_index=6]
- Ross: Come here Oh! There she is! Hi! [line_index=7; stage=Removes Emma's hat]

## Scene s10e05_sc88 | Rachel looks worried
Description: Rachel looks worried

- Ross: What? [line_index=0; stage=sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him]
- Rachel: Nothing. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hi! What... . Please tell me those are clip-ons. [line_index=2; emotions=confusion; stage=Back to Emma Looks at her Moves the stroller away from him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he realizes the difference and gasps]
- Rachel: Oh, they're real! [line_index=3]
- Ross: Did she do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have left Emma with her! [line_index=4; stage=points at Amy]
- Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. You are soo irresponsible I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! [line_index=5; stage=To Amy]
- Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs to have a cool fun aunt! [line_index=6]
- Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! [line_index=7]
- Amy: O-Okay! [line_index=8; emotions=sarcasm; stage=Sarcastically]
- Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! [line_index=9]
- Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? [line_index=10]
- Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going to do with my life. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? [line_index=12]
- Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=14; stage=looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief]
- Ross: That's not a thing ! [line_index=15]
- Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Babies don't care if they're slim. [line_index=17; stage=shouting]
- Amy: Enter Amy! [line_index=18]
- Ross: Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... [line_index=19; emotions=anger; stage=very angry]
- Amy: What? What are you gonna do? [line_index=20]
- Ross: No more falafel for you! [line_index=21; stage=pointing at Amy, shouting Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant and looks at Ross who gestures "later".]

## Scene s10e05_sc89 | Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the game. There's cheering
Description: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.

- Mike: Great game, huh? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... [line_index=1; stage=seems distracted]
- Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. Please let the Knicks win... Thank you Thor! Where... where are you going? [line_index=3; stage=looking up Mike is standing up]
- Mike: Going go to the bathroom. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. [line_index=5]
- Mike: Why? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the nutrients. [line_index=7]
- Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. [line_index=8; stage=We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of Mike.]
- Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? [line_index=9; stage=Mike looks bewildered]
- Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing to him . Guess we know who wears the pants in that family. [line_index=10; emotions=joy; stage=people are laughing, while Mike still seems bewildered]
- Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! [line_index=11; stage=There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him]
- Phoebe: Hey, hey! Boo us? Boo you! [line_index=12; stage=shouting]

## Scene s10e05_sc90 | Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone rings
Description: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone rings.

- Joey: Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani... Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home right now... Okay, bye bye. She was nice! [line_index=0; stage=picks up the phone looks puzzled hangs up to himself]

## Scene s10e05_sc91 | Rachel and Amy enter
Description: Rachel and Amy enter

- Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Whoo-hoo! [line_index=1; stage=and leaves for Rachel's room]
- Amy: You're kicking me out? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! [line_index=3]
- Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl ! [line_index=4]
- Rachel: I can't believe I ever even tried to help you. You are so beyond help. [line_index=5; stage=gasps]
- Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Excuse me? [line_index=7]
- Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then, I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws And suddenly I am the bad guy? [line_index=8; stage=frantically pointing at her nose]
- Rachel: Joey, where are those bags? [line_index=9; emotions=anger; stage=yelling]
- Joey: She has a lot of crap! [line_index=10; emotions=anger; stage=Yelling from Rachel's room]
- Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great. Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Seriously? [line_index=12; stage=doesn't believe what she's hearing]
- Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Hips or thighs? [line_index=14]
- Amy: Ass and face. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. [line_index=16; stage=gasps]
- Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking about real stuff. [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Oh, I can give you that. [line_index=18; stage=embarrassed]
- Amy: You can? [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're... you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. [line_index=20]
- Amy: Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. [line_index=21; stage=touched]
- Rachel: Did you just say Emma? [line_index=22]
- Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella. [line_index=23]

## Scene s10e05_sc92 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.

- Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking about. Mike, obviously you have balls. [line_index=0]
- Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: I would love it. Consider it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose, I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who hides it in the cake. [line_index=2; stage=the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table]

## Scene s10e05_sc93 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.

- Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? [line_index=0]
- Mike: Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? [line_index=1; stage=puts on a fake smile he takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin]
- Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm sorry! [line_index=2]
- Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e05_sc94 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face

- Mike: I'm gonna do this now . [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh my God! [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e05_sc95 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.

- Mike: Phoebe, I... [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! Oh no! [line_index=1; stage=she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then... She was wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.]
- Mike: Ready? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Uh-huh! [line_index=3; stage=and now Mike kneels properly]
- Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Yes! [line_index=5]

## Scene s10e05_sc96 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike puts the ring on her finger

- Mike: I love you! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: I love you more! [line_index=1]
- Mike: Not possible! She's gonna be Mrs. No Balls. [line_index=2; stage=they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...]

## Scene s10e05_sc97 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.


## Scene s10e05_sc98 | The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are walking on the sidewalk
Description: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are walking on the sidewalk.

- Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? [line_index=0]
- Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies are ugly. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: That's shocking! [line_index=2]
- Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! Hello-oo Ross! He's rude! THE END [line_index=3; stage=She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand, whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair. to Rachel]
- Amy: So beautiful. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Oh, I know, isn't she? [line_index=5]
- Amy: No, I was talking about your bedding. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: All right. What's your news, Amy? [line_index=7]
- Amy: Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: What? Oh my God! To who? [line_index=9]
- Amy: This guy! He has a killer apartment. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: A-And?? [line_index=11]
- Amy: A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room. [line_index=12]
- Rachel: No, what's he like? [line_index=13]
- Amy: Oh! He's ok. Do you remember my old boyfriend Mark? [line_index=14]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=15]
- Amy: It's his dad. [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Huh... wow, so he's gotta be... [line_index=17]
- Amy: Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there. [line_index=18]
- Rachel: Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the apartment more than you like... [line_index=19]
- Amy: Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old! [line_index=20]
- Rachel: Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married somebody that I didn’t love. Do you remember Barry? [line_index=21]
- Amy: Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went to sleep. [line_index=22]
- Rachel: Sometimes just nodding is ok. Uhm, so but anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever made. Honey, you deserve true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age, that is smart , that is fun and that you care about! [line_index=23; stage=pause]
- Amy: You’re right, you’re right! I’m gonna do it! [line_index=24; stage=thinks about it]
- Rachel: Ok. [line_index=25]
- Amy: I’m gonna marry Myron and keep looking for Mr Right. [line_index=26]
- Rachel: Ok, let’s keep talking. [line_index=27]

## Scene s10e05_sc99 | Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to their seats
Description: Madison Square Garden. Mike and Phoebe are walking to their seats.

- Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. . Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my seat. It's my anniversary. Here we are! . Can’t believe it's been a whole year! [line_index=0; stage=looking at her ticket to Mike Mike nods]
- Mike: I know. This has been the best year... THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! [line_index=1; emotions=anger; stage=the crowd starts cheering so he starts yelling]
- Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! [line_index=2]
- Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND YOU'RE AMAZING IN BED IT’S OUR ANNIVERSARY! [line_index=4; stage=crowd stops cheering everyone hears it and stare at them. to everybody]
- Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. [line_index=5; stage=on the screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her]
- Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. [line_index=6]
- Mike: Really? [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! [line_index=8]
- Mike: Excuse me... . [line_index=9; stage=looks strangely shocked he leaves, then Phoebe realizes what she did]

## Scene s10e05_sc100 | Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room
Description: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room

- Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. [line_index=0; stage=he hands it over to Chandler]
- Chandler: I don’t... uh... understand. [line_index=1; stage=reading]
- Joey: Some of the words are a little too sophisticated for ya? [line_index=2; stage=sounding very proud of himself]
- Monica: It doesn’t make any sense. [line_index=3; stage=also reading it]
- Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: On every word? [line_index=5]
- Joey: Yep! [line_index=6]
- Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? [line_index=7; stage=shows the sentence to Joey]
- Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...? [line_index=9]
- Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. [line_index=10]
- Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Why not? [line_index=12]
- Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani . Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just be yourself! [line_index=13; stage=Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that' look]
- Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from here, your full sized aortic pump. [line_index=14; stage=points at his own heart]

## Scene s10e05_sc101 | The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel opens the door
Description: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel opens the door.

- Rachel: Amy, hi! [line_index=0]
- Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh, good for you! [line_index=2]
- Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! [line_index=4]
- Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. [line_index=6; stage=Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does not notice the huge amount of bags]
- Joey: Ah, look who’s back! Why do you have bags? RACH, WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? [line_index=7; stage=he sees the bags]
- Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! [line_index=8]
- Joey: What? [line_index=9]
- Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! Come on! [line_index=10; stage=she snaps her finger and points at Joey, snaps her fingers again and points to the bags]

## Scene s10e05_sc102 | Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room and Joey comes out of his room
Description: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room and Joey comes out of his room.

- Joey: You slept out here? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get off!’ [line_index=1]
- Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re getting rid of her. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!" I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! [line_index=4; stage=aping Amy badly]
- Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think it’s really good that she’s here. [line_index=5]
- Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of me. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys. See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna take patience, but that’s ok. [line_index=9]
- Amy: Good morning. [line_index=10]
- Joey: Yeaah. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why I hung it on the door. [line_index=12]
- Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. [line_index=14]
- Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. I am not happy. Oh... sure you wanna eat that? [line_index=15; stage=points at her eyebrows to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands]
- Joey: I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT! [line_index=16; emotions=anger; stage=yelling at her]

## Scene s10e05_sc103 | Monica’s Apartment. Rachel
Description: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler are there, Phoebe enters the room

- Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote me a rap song. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Seriously? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Word! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Well, what happened? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the big screen thing... [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning on proposing to me that same way last night! [line_index=9]
- Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! [line_index=11]
- Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean, I said no in Barbados and now this! [line_index=13]
- Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... Did I just say if I were a guy..? [line_index=14; stage=stops himself mid-sentence...everyone stares at him]
- Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to him! [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? [line_index=16]
- Monica: I proposed to Chandler! Alright, moving on... [line_index=17; emotions=joy; stage=Phoebe stops herself from laughing]
- Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! [line_index=18]
- Monica: Thank you. [line_index=19]
- Phoebe: Well, do you think I should propose? [line_index=20; stage=To Rachel and Ross]
- Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! [line_index=21]
- Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! [line_index=22]
- Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? [line_index=23]
- Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? [line_index=24]
- Rachel: Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? [line_index=25; emotions=sarcasm; stage=Sarcastically claps her hands together, faking excitement]
- Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to, plus he'd never suspect it! [line_index=26]
- Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two like that? [line_index=27; stage=points to Ross and Chandler]
- Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think? [line_index=28]

## Scene s10e05_sc104 | Monica’s Apartment. Rachel
Description: Amy walks in carrying a phone handset

- Amy: Nana is on the phone [line_index=0; stage=To Rachel Hands the phone over to Rachel]
- Rachel: Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years ago!! [line_index=1; stage=Takes the phone]
- Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Hello? Oh, it's our nanny! Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye! That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? [line_index=3; stage=Into the phone announces to Amy goes back to the phone conversation Hangs up To Ross]
- Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had? Because my throat's been hurting? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Menstrual cramps. [line_index=5]
- Ross: I don't think that's what this is. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Can any of you watch Emma? [line_index=7; stage=To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe]
- Monica: No, sorry sweety.. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? [line_index=10; stage=To Ross]
- Amy: Well, I can do it. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Well, actually... [line_index=12; stage=Thinks for a moment]
- Ross: Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? [line_index=13; stage=He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other side of the room]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=14]
- Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Why not? [line_index=16]
- Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella! [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! [line_index=18; stage=Defends Amy]
- Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Wha... the next one? [line_index=20; stage=Shocked]
- Ross: Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. [line_index=21; emotions=confusion; stage=a little confused]
- Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! [line_index=22]
- Ross: I... I don't know.. [line_index=23]
- Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows shaped to do this alright? Do you understand how important that is in our world? [line_index=24; stage=points at her own to emphasize the word]

## Scene s10e05_sc105 | Amy approaches from behind
Description: Amy approaches from behind

- Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to... Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's been so wonderful to me... [line_index=0; stage=looks at hem pleadingly]

## Scene s10e05_sc106 | Amy approaches from behind
Description: Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently

- Rachel: Absolutely. [line_index=0]
- Amy: Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? [line_index=1; emotions=joy; stage=very excited Ross just gives up and leaves]

## Scene s10e05_sc107 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk in.

- Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e05_sc108 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Chandler and Monica look shocked

- Monica: You dropped it off? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Yeah. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? [line_index=2]
- Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to hand-write it. [line_index=3; stage=Chandler and Monica look even more shocked]
- Monica: You hand-wrote it? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at all ! See ya later! [line_index=5; stage=Leaves]
- Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? I'll just call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. [line_index=7; stage=Takes out his mobile starts dialing]
- Monica: Okay good. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. Uh-huh... Uh-huh... okay... thank you. Good-bye. . [line_index=9; emotions=confusion; stage=on the phone listens hangs up looking very confused]
- Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way to the bird store. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: They loved it. [line_index=11; emotions=confusion; stage=Still looks confused]
- Monica: What? [line_index=12]
- Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a child write the recommendation letter. [line_index=13]
- Monica: They thought Joey was a child? [line_index=14; stage=surprised]
- Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings . [line_index=15]

## Scene s10e05_sc109 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller

- Amy: Hi! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? [line_index=1]
- Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: That sounds like fun. [line_index=3]
- Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. [line_index=4]

## Scene s10e05_sc110 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma

- Rachel: Hey! Hi, how's my girl? [line_index=0; stage=To Emma]
- Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Yeah! [line_index=2; emotions=joy; stage=sounds excited]

## Scene s10e05_sc111 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Amy takes off Emma's hat

- Amy: Ta-daaa! [line_index=0]

## Scene s10e05_sc112 | Rachel looks at Emma
Description: Rachel looks at Emma

- Rachel: You pierced her ears!? [line_index=0; emotions=joy; stage=not excited anymore]
- Amy: Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? [line_index=1; emotions=joy; stage=Very excited about it]

## Scene s10e05_sc113 | Rachel looks very shocked
Description: Rachel looks very shocked

- Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me? [line_index=0]
- Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would it? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I think she looks cute. ... but I am wrong! [line_index=2; stage=Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily]
- Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. [line_index=3]
- Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Ugh. [line_index=5; stage=takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it]

## Scene s10e05_sc114 | Ross enters
Description: Ross enters

- Ross: Hey guys. [line_index=0]
- Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see. . [line_index=2; stage=Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him]
- Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Why not? [line_index=4]
- Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like meat? [line_index=6]
- Ross: Come here Oh! There she is! Hi! [line_index=7; stage=Removes Emma's hat]

## Scene s10e05_sc115 | Rachel looks worried
Description: Rachel looks worried

- Ross: What? [line_index=0; stage=sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him]
- Rachel: Nothing. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hi! What... . Please tell me those are clip-ons. [line_index=2; emotions=confusion; stage=Back to Emma Looks at her Moves the stroller away from him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he realizes the difference and gasps]
- Rachel: Oh, they're real! [line_index=3]
- Ross: Did she do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have left Emma with her! [line_index=4; stage=points at Amy]
- Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. You are soo irresponsible I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! [line_index=5; stage=To Amy]
- Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs to have a cool fun aunt! [line_index=6]
- Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! [line_index=7]
- Amy: O-Okay! [line_index=8; emotions=sarcasm; stage=Sarcastically]
- Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! [line_index=9]
- Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? [line_index=10]
- Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going to do with my life. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? [line_index=12]
- Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=14; stage=looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief]
- Ross: That's not a thing ! [line_index=15]
- Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Babies don't care if they're slim. [line_index=17; stage=shouting]
- Amy: Enter Amy! [line_index=18]
- Ross: Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... [line_index=19; emotions=anger; stage=very angry]
- Amy: What? What are you gonna do? [line_index=20]
- Ross: No more falafel for you! [line_index=21; stage=pointing at Amy, shouting Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant and looks at Ross who gestures "later".]

## Scene s10e05_sc116 | Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the game. There's cheering
Description: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.

- Mike: Great game, huh? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... [line_index=1; stage=seems distracted]
- Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. Please let the Knicks win... Thank you Thor! Where... where are you going? [line_index=3; stage=looking up Mike is standing up]
- Mike: Going go to the bathroom. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. [line_index=5]
- Mike: Why? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the nutrients. [line_index=7]
- Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. [line_index=8; stage=We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of Mike.]
- Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? [line_index=9; stage=Mike looks bewildered]
- Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing to him . Guess we know who wears the pants in that family. [line_index=10; emotions=joy; stage=people are laughing, while Mike still seems bewildered]
- Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! [line_index=11; stage=There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him]
- Phoebe: Hey, hey! Boo us? Boo you! [line_index=12; stage=shouting]

## Scene s10e05_sc117 | Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone rings
Description: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone rings.

- Joey: Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani... Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home right now... Okay, bye bye. She was nice! [line_index=0; stage=picks up the phone looks puzzled hangs up to himself]

## Scene s10e05_sc118 | Rachel and Amy enter
Description: Rachel and Amy enter

- Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Whoo-hoo! [line_index=1; stage=and leaves for Rachel's room]
- Amy: You're kicking me out? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! [line_index=3]
- Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl ! [line_index=4]
- Rachel: I can't believe I ever even tried to help you. You are so beyond help. [line_index=5; stage=gasps]
- Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Excuse me? [line_index=7]
- Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then, I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws And suddenly I am the bad guy? [line_index=8; stage=frantically pointing at her nose]
- Rachel: Joey, where are those bags? [line_index=9; emotions=anger; stage=yelling]
- Joey: She has a lot of crap! [line_index=10; emotions=anger; stage=Yelling from Rachel's room]
- Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great. Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Seriously? [line_index=12; stage=doesn't believe what she's hearing]
- Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Hips or thighs? [line_index=14]
- Amy: Ass and face. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. [line_index=16; stage=gasps]
- Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking about real stuff. [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Oh, I can give you that. [line_index=18; stage=embarrassed]
- Amy: You can? [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're... you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. [line_index=20]
- Amy: Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. [line_index=21; stage=touched]
- Rachel: Did you just say Emma? [line_index=22]
- Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella. [line_index=23]

## Scene s10e05_sc119 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.

- Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking about. Mike, obviously you have balls. [line_index=0]
- Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: I would love it. Consider it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose, I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who hides it in the cake. [line_index=2; stage=the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table]

## Scene s10e05_sc120 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.

- Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? [line_index=0]
- Mike: Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? [line_index=1; stage=puts on a fake smile he takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin]
- Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm sorry! [line_index=2]
- Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e05_sc121 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face

- Mike: I'm gonna do this now . [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh my God! [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e05_sc122 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.

- Mike: Phoebe, I... [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! Oh no! [line_index=1; stage=she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then... She was wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.]
- Mike: Ready? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Uh-huh! [line_index=3; stage=and now Mike kneels properly]
- Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Yes! [line_index=5]

## Scene s10e05_sc123 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike puts the ring on her finger

- Mike: I love you! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: I love you more! [line_index=1]
- Mike: Not possible! She's gonna be Mrs. No Balls. [line_index=2; stage=they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...]

## Scene s10e05_sc124 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.


## Scene s10e05_sc125 | The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are walking on the sidewalk
Description: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are walking on the sidewalk.

- Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? [line_index=0]
- Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies are ugly. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: That's shocking! [line_index=2]
- Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! Hello-oo Ross! He's rude! THE END [line_index=3; stage=She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand, whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair. to Rachel]
- Phoebe: Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. . Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they’re in my seat. It's my anniversary. Here we are! . Can’t believe it's been a whole year! [line_index=4; stage=looking at her ticket to Mike Mike nods]
- Mike: I know. This has been the best year... THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! [line_index=5; emotions=anger; stage=the crowd starts cheering so he starts yelling]
- Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! [line_index=6]
- Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND YOU'RE AMAZING IN BED IT’S OUR ANNIVERSARY! [line_index=8; stage=crowd stops cheering everyone hears it and stare at them. to everybody]
- Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. [line_index=9; stage=on the screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her]
- Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. [line_index=10]
- Mike: Really? [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! [line_index=12]
- Mike: Excuse me... . [line_index=13; stage=looks strangely shocked he leaves, then Phoebe realizes what she did]

## Scene s10e05_sc126 | Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room
Description: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room

- Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. [line_index=0; stage=he hands it over to Chandler]
- Chandler: I don’t... uh... understand. [line_index=1; stage=reading]
- Joey: Some of the words are a little too sophisticated for ya? [line_index=2; stage=sounding very proud of himself]
- Monica: It doesn’t make any sense. [line_index=3; stage=also reading it]
- Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: On every word? [line_index=5]
- Joey: Yep! [line_index=6]
- Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? [line_index=7; stage=shows the sentence to Joey]
- Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...? [line_index=9]
- Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. [line_index=10]
- Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Why not? [line_index=12]
- Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani . Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just be yourself! [line_index=13; stage=Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that' look]
- Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from here, your full sized aortic pump. [line_index=14; stage=points at his own heart]

## Scene s10e05_sc127 | The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel opens the door
Description: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel opens the door.

- Rachel: Amy, hi! [line_index=0]
- Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh, good for you! [line_index=2]
- Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! [line_index=4]
- Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. [line_index=6; stage=Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does not notice the huge amount of bags]
- Joey: Ah, look who’s back! Why do you have bags? RACH, WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? [line_index=7; stage=he sees the bags]
- Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! [line_index=8]
- Joey: What? [line_index=9]
- Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! Come on! [line_index=10; stage=she snaps her finger and points at Joey, snaps her fingers again and points to the bags]

## Scene s10e05_sc128 | Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room and Joey comes out of his room
Description: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room and Joey comes out of his room.

- Joey: You slept out here? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get off!’ [line_index=1]
- Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re getting rid of her. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!" I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! [line_index=4; stage=aping Amy badly]
- Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think it’s really good that she’s here. [line_index=5]
- Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of me. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys. See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna take patience, but that’s ok. [line_index=9]
- Amy: Good morning. [line_index=10]
- Joey: Yeaah. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why I hung it on the door. [line_index=12]
- Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. [line_index=14]
- Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. I am not happy. Oh... sure you wanna eat that? [line_index=15; stage=points at her eyebrows to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands]
- Joey: I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT! [line_index=16; emotions=anger; stage=yelling at her]

## Scene s10e05_sc129 | Monica’s Apartment. Rachel
Description: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler are there, Phoebe enters the room

- Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote me a rap song. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Seriously? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Word! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Well, what happened? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the big screen thing... [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning on proposing to me that same way last night! [line_index=9]
- Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! [line_index=11]
- Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean, I said no in Barbados and now this! [line_index=13]
- Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... Did I just say if I were a guy..? [line_index=14; stage=stops himself mid-sentence...everyone stares at him]
- Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to him! [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? [line_index=16]
- Monica: I proposed to Chandler! Alright, moving on... [line_index=17; emotions=joy; stage=Phoebe stops herself from laughing]
- Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! [line_index=18]
- Monica: Thank you. [line_index=19]
- Phoebe: Well, do you think I should propose? [line_index=20; stage=To Rachel and Ross]
- Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! [line_index=21]
- Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! [line_index=22]
- Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? [line_index=23]
- Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? [line_index=24]
- Rachel: Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? [line_index=25; emotions=sarcasm; stage=Sarcastically claps her hands together, faking excitement]
- Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to, plus he'd never suspect it! [line_index=26]
- Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two like that? [line_index=27; stage=points to Ross and Chandler]
- Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think? [line_index=28]

## Scene s10e05_sc130 | Monica’s Apartment. Rachel
Description: Amy walks in carrying a phone handset

- Amy: Nana is on the phone [line_index=0; stage=To Rachel Hands the phone over to Rachel]
- Rachel: Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years ago!! [line_index=1; stage=Takes the phone]
- Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Hello? Oh, it's our nanny! Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye! That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? [line_index=3; stage=Into the phone announces to Amy goes back to the phone conversation Hangs up To Ross]
- Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had? Because my throat's been hurting? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Menstrual cramps. [line_index=5]
- Ross: I don't think that's what this is. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Can any of you watch Emma? [line_index=7; stage=To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe]
- Monica: No, sorry sweety.. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? [line_index=10; stage=To Ross]
- Amy: Well, I can do it. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Well, actually... [line_index=12; stage=Thinks for a moment]
- Ross: Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? [line_index=13; stage=He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other side of the room]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=14]
- Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Why not? [line_index=16]
- Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella! [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! [line_index=18; stage=Defends Amy]
- Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Wha... the next one? [line_index=20; stage=Shocked]
- Ross: Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. [line_index=21; emotions=confusion; stage=a little confused]
- Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! [line_index=22]
- Ross: I... I don't know.. [line_index=23]
- Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows shaped to do this alright? Do you understand how important that is in our world? [line_index=24; stage=points at her own to emphasize the word]

## Scene s10e05_sc131 | Amy approaches from behind
Description: Amy approaches from behind

- Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to... Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's been so wonderful to me... [line_index=0; stage=looks at hem pleadingly]

## Scene s10e05_sc132 | Amy approaches from behind
Description: Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently

- Rachel: Absolutely. [line_index=0]
- Amy: Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? [line_index=1; emotions=joy; stage=very excited Ross just gives up and leaves]

## Scene s10e05_sc133 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk in.

- Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e05_sc134 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Chandler and Monica look shocked

- Monica: You dropped it off? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Yeah. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? [line_index=2]
- Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to hand-write it. [line_index=3; stage=Chandler and Monica look even more shocked]
- Monica: You hand-wrote it? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at all ! See ya later! [line_index=5; stage=Leaves]
- Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? I'll just call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. [line_index=7; stage=Takes out his mobile starts dialing]
- Monica: Okay good. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. Uh-huh... Uh-huh... okay... thank you. Good-bye. . [line_index=9; emotions=confusion; stage=on the phone listens hangs up looking very confused]
- Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way to the bird store. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: They loved it. [line_index=11; emotions=confusion; stage=Still looks confused]
- Monica: What? [line_index=12]
- Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a child write the recommendation letter. [line_index=13]
- Monica: They thought Joey was a child? [line_index=14; stage=surprised]
- Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings . [line_index=15]

## Scene s10e05_sc135 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller

- Amy: Hi! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? [line_index=1]
- Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: That sounds like fun. [line_index=3]
- Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. [line_index=4]

## Scene s10e05_sc136 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma

- Rachel: Hey! Hi, how's my girl? [line_index=0; stage=To Emma]
- Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Yeah! [line_index=2; emotions=joy; stage=sounds excited]

## Scene s10e05_sc137 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Amy takes off Emma's hat

- Amy: Ta-daaa! [line_index=0]

## Scene s10e05_sc138 | Rachel looks at Emma
Description: Rachel looks at Emma

- Rachel: You pierced her ears!? [line_index=0; emotions=joy; stage=not excited anymore]
- Amy: Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? [line_index=1; emotions=joy; stage=Very excited about it]

## Scene s10e05_sc139 | Rachel looks very shocked
Description: Rachel looks very shocked

- Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me? [line_index=0]
- Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would it? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I think she looks cute. ... but I am wrong! [line_index=2; stage=Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily]
- Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. [line_index=3]
- Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Ugh. [line_index=5; stage=takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it]

## Scene s10e05_sc140 | Ross enters
Description: Ross enters

- Ross: Hey guys. [line_index=0]
- Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see. . [line_index=2; stage=Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him]
- Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Why not? [line_index=4]
- Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like meat? [line_index=6]
- Ross: Come here Oh! There she is! Hi! [line_index=7; stage=Removes Emma's hat]

## Scene s10e05_sc141 | Rachel looks worried
Description: Rachel looks worried

- Ross: What? [line_index=0; stage=sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him]
- Rachel: Nothing. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hi! What... . Please tell me those are clip-ons. [line_index=2; emotions=confusion; stage=Back to Emma Looks at her Moves the stroller away from him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he realizes the difference and gasps]
- Rachel: Oh, they're real! [line_index=3]
- Ross: Did she do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have left Emma with her! [line_index=4; stage=points at Amy]
- Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. You are soo irresponsible I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! [line_index=5; stage=To Amy]
- Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs to have a cool fun aunt! [line_index=6]
- Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! [line_index=7]
- Amy: O-Okay! [line_index=8; emotions=sarcasm; stage=Sarcastically]
- Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! [line_index=9]
- Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? [line_index=10]
- Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going to do with my life. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? [line_index=12]
- Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=14; stage=looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief]
- Ross: That's not a thing ! [line_index=15]
- Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Babies don't care if they're slim. [line_index=17; stage=shouting]
- Amy: Enter Amy! [line_index=18]
- Ross: Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... [line_index=19; emotions=anger; stage=very angry]
- Amy: What? What are you gonna do? [line_index=20]
- Ross: No more falafel for you! [line_index=21; stage=pointing at Amy, shouting Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant and looks at Ross who gestures "later".]

## Scene s10e05_sc142 | Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the game. There's cheering
Description: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.

- Mike: Great game, huh? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... [line_index=1; stage=seems distracted]
- Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. Please let the Knicks win... Thank you Thor! Where... where are you going? [line_index=3; stage=looking up Mike is standing up]
- Mike: Going go to the bathroom. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. [line_index=5]
- Mike: Why? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the nutrients. [line_index=7]
- Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. [line_index=8; stage=We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of Mike.]
- Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? [line_index=9; stage=Mike looks bewildered]
- Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing to him . Guess we know who wears the pants in that family. [line_index=10; emotions=joy; stage=people are laughing, while Mike still seems bewildered]
- Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! [line_index=11; stage=There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him]
- Phoebe: Hey, hey! Boo us? Boo you! [line_index=12; stage=shouting]

## Scene s10e05_sc143 | Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone rings
Description: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone rings.

- Joey: Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani... Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home right now... Okay, bye bye. She was nice! [line_index=0; stage=picks up the phone looks puzzled hangs up to himself]

## Scene s10e05_sc144 | Rachel and Amy enter
Description: Rachel and Amy enter

- Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Whoo-hoo! [line_index=1; stage=and leaves for Rachel's room]
- Amy: You're kicking me out? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! [line_index=3]
- Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl ! [line_index=4]
- Rachel: I can't believe I ever even tried to help you. You are so beyond help. [line_index=5; stage=gasps]
- Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Excuse me? [line_index=7]
- Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then, I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws And suddenly I am the bad guy? [line_index=8; stage=frantically pointing at her nose]
- Rachel: Joey, where are those bags? [line_index=9; emotions=anger; stage=yelling]
- Joey: She has a lot of crap! [line_index=10; emotions=anger; stage=Yelling from Rachel's room]
- Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great. Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Seriously? [line_index=12; stage=doesn't believe what she's hearing]
- Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Hips or thighs? [line_index=14]
- Amy: Ass and face. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. [line_index=16; stage=gasps]
- Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking about real stuff. [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Oh, I can give you that. [line_index=18; stage=embarrassed]
- Amy: You can? [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're... you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. [line_index=20]
- Amy: Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. [line_index=21; stage=touched]
- Rachel: Did you just say Emma? [line_index=22]
- Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella. [line_index=23]

## Scene s10e05_sc145 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.

- Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking about. Mike, obviously you have balls. [line_index=0]
- Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: I would love it. Consider it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose, I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who hides it in the cake. [line_index=2; stage=the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table]

## Scene s10e05_sc146 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.

- Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? [line_index=0]
- Mike: Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? [line_index=1; stage=puts on a fake smile he takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin]
- Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm sorry! [line_index=2]
- Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e05_sc147 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face

- Mike: I'm gonna do this now . [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh my God! [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e05_sc148 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.

- Mike: Phoebe, I... [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! Oh no! [line_index=1; stage=she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then... She was wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.]
- Mike: Ready? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Uh-huh! [line_index=3; stage=and now Mike kneels properly]
- Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Yes! [line_index=5]

## Scene s10e05_sc149 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike puts the ring on her finger

- Mike: I love you! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: I love you more! [line_index=1]
- Mike: Not possible! She's gonna be Mrs. No Balls. [line_index=2; stage=they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...]

## Scene s10e05_sc150 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.


## Scene s10e05_sc151 | The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are walking on the sidewalk
Description: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are walking on the sidewalk.

- Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? [line_index=0]
- Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies are ugly. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: That's shocking! [line_index=2]
- Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! Hello-oo Ross! He's rude! THE END [line_index=3; stage=She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand, whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair. to Rachel]
- Mike: I know. This has been the best year... THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE! [line_index=4; emotions=anger; stage=the crowd starts cheering so he starts yelling]
- Phoebe: ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH! [line_index=5]
- Mike: I FEEL THE SAME WAY! [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: YOU’RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND YOU'RE AMAZING IN BED IT’S OUR ANNIVERSARY! [line_index=7; stage=crowd stops cheering everyone hears it and stare at them. to everybody]
- Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask. [line_index=8; stage=on the screen there’s written ‘Julie, will you marry me?’ and goes on to show a guy kneeling down in front of a girl holding out a ring to her]
- Phoebe: Oh how lame... oh, it’s so tacky, and impersonal. [line_index=9]
- Mike: Really? [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Oh, it’s the worst way to propose! [line_index=11]
- Mike: Excuse me... . [line_index=12; stage=looks strangely shocked he leaves, then Phoebe realizes what she did]

## Scene s10e05_sc152 | Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room
Description: Monica’s apartment. Joey enters the room

- Joey: Hey, finished my recommendation. Here. And I think you’ll be very, very happy. It’s the longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn. [line_index=0; stage=he hands it over to Chandler]
- Chandler: I don’t... uh... understand. [line_index=1; stage=reading]
- Joey: Some of the words are a little too sophisticated for ya? [line_index=2; stage=sounding very proud of himself]
- Monica: It doesn’t make any sense. [line_index=3; stage=also reading it]
- Joey: Of course it does! It’s smart! I used the the-saurus! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: On every word? [line_index=5]
- Joey: Yep! [line_index=6]
- Monica: Alright, what was this sentence originally? [line_index=7; stage=shows the sentence to Joey]
- Joey: Oh, ‘They are warm, nice, people with big hearts’. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: And that became ‘they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...? [line_index=9]
- Joey: Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude. [line_index=10]
- Monica: Hey Joey, I don’t think we can use this. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Why not? [line_index=12]
- Monica: Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani . Hey, why don’t you stop worrying about sounding smart and just be yourself! [line_index=13; stage=Joey makes a 'and-what’s-wrong-with-that' look]
- Chandler: You know what? You don’t need a thesaurus, just write from here, your full sized aortic pump. [line_index=14; stage=points at his own heart]

## Scene s10e05_sc153 | The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel opens the door
Description: The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel opens the door.

- Rachel: Amy, hi! [line_index=0]
- Amy: I took your advice, I left Myron. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh, good for you! [line_index=2]
- Amy: I know! I'm Erin Brockovich! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you! [line_index=4]
- Amy: Thank you! So, can I stay with you? [line_index=5]
- Rachel: But Erin Brockovich had her own house. [line_index=6]

## Scene s10e05_sc154 | The corridor. Amy knocks Joey’s door and Rachel opens the door
Description: Joey comes out of Monica’s apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does not notice the huge amount of bags

- Joey: Ah, look who’s back! Why do you have bags? RACH, WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS? [line_index=0; stage=he sees the bags]
- Amy: Well, I’m staying with you guys! [line_index=1]
- Joey: What? [line_index=2]
- Amy: We’re gonna be roomies! Come on! [line_index=3; stage=she snaps her finger and points at Joey, snaps her fingers again and points to the bags]

## Scene s10e05_sc155 | Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room and Joey comes out of his room
Description: Joey’s apartment. Rachel is in the living room and Joey comes out of his room.

- Joey: You slept out here? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling ‘Myron, get off!’ [line_index=1]
- Joey: But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we’re getting rid of her. [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Joey, I can’t do that! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!" I don’t need that kind of talk in my house! [line_index=4; stage=aping Amy badly]
- Rachel: Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she’s difficult, but I think it’s really good that she’s here. [line_index=5]
- Joey: 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she’s gone? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of me. [line_index=7]
- Joey: Yeah, Monica made us! [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don’t think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn’t for you guys. See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it’s gonna take patience, but that’s ok. [line_index=9]
- Amy: Good morning. [line_index=10]
- Joey: Yeaah. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Amy, that’s what I was supposed to wear today, that’s why I hung it on the door. [line_index=12]
- Amy: Oh, sweety, you can’t pull this off. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future. [line_index=14]
- Amy: Oh, I can’t, honey. I’m gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. I am not happy. Oh... sure you wanna eat that? [line_index=15; stage=points at her eyebrows to Joey who has a pizza box in his hands]
- Joey: I’M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT! [line_index=16; emotions=anger; stage=yelling at her]

## Scene s10e05_sc156 | Monica’s Apartment. Rachel
Description: Monica’s Apartment. Rachel, Ross, Monica and Chandler are there, Phoebe enters the room

- Phoebe: Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote me a rap song. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Seriously? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: Word! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Well, mine was worse than that. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Well, what happened? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the big screen thing... [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Oh, that is so tacky. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Well, that’s what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning on proposing to me that same way last night! [line_index=9]
- Monica: Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose? [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Phoebe, that’s huge! [line_index=11]
- Ross: Well, do you wanna marry him? [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna propose to me, I don’t think he’s ever gonna ask again! I mean, I said no in Barbados and now this! [line_index=13]
- Chandler: She's right! If I were a guy and... Did I just say if I were a guy..? [line_index=14; stage=stops himself mid-sentence...everyone stares at him]
- Monica: Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to him! [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate? [line_index=16]
- Monica: I proposed to Chandler! Alright, moving on... [line_index=17; emotions=joy; stage=Phoebe stops herself from laughing]
- Chandler: Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! [line_index=18]
- Monica: Thank you. [line_index=19]
- Phoebe: Well, do you think I should propose? [line_index=20; stage=To Rachel and Ross]
- Rachel: I think it could be kind of great! [line_index=21]
- Ross: Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it! [line_index=22]
- Phoebe: Ok, ok, so how should I do it? [line_index=23]
- Monica: How about at a game, on the big screen? [line_index=24]
- Rachel: Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? [line_index=25; emotions=sarcasm; stage=Sarcastically claps her hands together, faking excitement]
- Monica: What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to, plus he'd never suspect it! [line_index=26]
- Phoebe: Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two like that? [line_index=27; stage=points to Ross and Chandler]
- Chandler: Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think? [line_index=28]

## Scene s10e05_sc157 | Monica’s Apartment. Rachel
Description: Amy walks in carrying a phone handset

- Amy: Nana is on the phone [line_index=0; stage=To Rachel Hands the phone over to Rachel]
- Rachel: Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years ago!! [line_index=1; stage=Takes the phone]
- Amy: She did? Who got her condo in Boca? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Hello? Oh, it's our nanny! Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye! That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today? [line_index=3; stage=Into the phone announces to Amy goes back to the phone conversation Hangs up To Ross]
- Ross: No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had? Because my throat's been hurting? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Menstrual cramps. [line_index=5]
- Ross: I don't think that's what this is. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Can any of you watch Emma? [line_index=7; stage=To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe]
- Monica: No, sorry sweety.. [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: No, I've got work and then I'm proposing.. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Great, shoot, what are we gonna do? [line_index=10; stage=To Ross]
- Amy: Well, I can do it. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Well, actually... [line_index=12; stage=Thinks for a moment]
- Ross: Well, can I talk to you for a sec.? [line_index=13; stage=He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other side of the room]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=14]
- Ross: Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Why not? [line_index=16]
- Ross: Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella! [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name! [line_index=18; stage=Defends Amy]
- Ross: Fine, we'll call the next one Ella. [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Wha... the next one? [line_index=20; stage=Shocked]
- Ross: Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby. [line_index=21; emotions=confusion; stage=a little confused]
- Rachel: Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!! [line_index=22]
- Ross: I... I don't know.. [line_index=23]
- Rachel: Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows shaped to do this alright? Do you understand how important that is in our world? [line_index=24; stage=points at her own to emphasize the word]

## Scene s10e05_sc158 | Amy approaches from behind
Description: Amy approaches from behind

- Amy: um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to... Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's been so wonderful to me... [line_index=0; stage=looks at hem pleadingly]

## Scene s10e05_sc159 | Amy approaches from behind
Description: Rachel looks at Ross and her agrees silently

- Rachel: Absolutely. [line_index=0]
- Amy: Oh! Great! So how much does it pay? [line_index=1; emotions=joy; stage=very excited Ross just gives up and leaves]

## Scene s10e05_sc160 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Central Perk. Joey is inside, Chandler and Monica walk in.

- Chandler: Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e05_sc161 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Chandler and Monica look shocked

- Monica: You dropped it off? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Yeah. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? [line_index=2]
- Joey: No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to hand-write it. [line_index=3; stage=Chandler and Monica look even more shocked]
- Monica: You hand-wrote it? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at all ! See ya later! [line_index=5; stage=Leaves]
- Monica: Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples that collects orchids or has a lot of birds! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: It's ok, it's ok. You know what? I'll just call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. [line_index=7; stage=Takes out his mobile starts dialing]
- Monica: Okay good. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. Uh-huh... Uh-huh... okay... thank you. Good-bye. . [line_index=9; emotions=confusion; stage=on the phone listens hangs up looking very confused]
- Monica: Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way to the bird store. [line_index=10]
- Chandler: They loved it. [line_index=11; emotions=confusion; stage=Still looks confused]
- Monica: What? [line_index=12]
- Chandler: They thought it was very smart of us to have a child write the recommendation letter. [line_index=13]
- Monica: They thought Joey was a child? [line_index=14; stage=surprised]
- Chandler: She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings . [line_index=15]

## Scene s10e05_sc162 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller

- Amy: Hi! [line_index=0]
- Monica: Hey, what did you guys do today? [line_index=1]
- Amy: Ella wanted to go out, so we went shopping and got some sushi. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: That sounds like fun. [line_index=3]
- Amy: Yeah, not really. Babies are dull. [line_index=4]

## Scene s10e05_sc163 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Rachel comes in, sees Amy and Emma

- Rachel: Hey! Hi, how's my girl? [line_index=0; stage=To Emma]
- Amy: I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Yeah! [line_index=2; emotions=joy; stage=sounds excited]

## Scene s10e05_sc164 | Central Perk. Joey is inside
Description: Amy takes off Emma's hat

- Amy: Ta-daaa! [line_index=0]

## Scene s10e05_sc165 | Rachel looks at Emma
Description: Rachel looks at Emma

- Rachel: You pierced her ears!? [line_index=0; emotions=joy; stage=not excited anymore]
- Amy: Doesn't it make her nose look smaller? [line_index=1; emotions=joy; stage=Very excited about it]

## Scene s10e05_sc166 | Rachel looks very shocked
Description: Rachel looks very shocked

- Rachel: You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me? [line_index=0]
- Amy: Well, if I had told you, then it wouldn't have been surprise, now would it? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I think she looks cute. ... but I am wrong! [line_index=2; stage=Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily]
- Rachel: Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out. [line_index=3]
- Amy: Why, did something happen to his falafel cart? [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Ugh. [line_index=5; stage=takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it]

## Scene s10e05_sc167 | Ross enters
Description: Ross enters

- Ross: Hey guys. [line_index=0]
- Monica and Chandler: Hi Ross. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see. . [line_index=2; stage=Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him]
- Rachel: Nah, I don't really want her to see. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Why not? [line_index=4]
- Monica: Because there are so many terrible sights in this world. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like meat? [line_index=6]
- Ross: Come here Oh! There she is! Hi! [line_index=7; stage=Removes Emma's hat]

## Scene s10e05_sc168 | Rachel looks worried
Description: Rachel looks worried

- Ross: What? [line_index=0; stage=sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him]
- Rachel: Nothing. [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hi! What... . Please tell me those are clip-ons. [line_index=2; emotions=confusion; stage=Back to Emma Looks at her Moves the stroller away from him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he realizes the difference and gasps]
- Rachel: Oh, they're real! [line_index=3]
- Ross: Did she do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have left Emma with her! [line_index=4; stage=points at Amy]
- Rachel: I know, I know, and you were right Ross. You are soo irresponsible I am never letting you baby-sit ever again! [line_index=5; stage=To Amy]
- Amy: Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs to have a cool fun aunt! [line_index=6]
- Monica: I'm a cool, fun aunt! [line_index=7]
- Amy: O-Okay! [line_index=8; emotions=sarcasm; stage=Sarcastically]
- Chandler: Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! [line_index=9]
- Rachel: I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me? [line_index=10]
- Amy: Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going to do with my life. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Oh yeah? Since when? [line_index=12]
- Amy: Since today... I am going to be a baby stylist. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=14; stage=looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief]
- Ross: That's not a thing ! [line_index=15]
- Amy: Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what colors to wear, what clothes are slimming... [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Babies don't care if they're slim. [line_index=17; stage=shouting]
- Amy: Enter Amy! [line_index=18]
- Ross: Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna... [line_index=19; emotions=anger; stage=very angry]
- Amy: What? What are you gonna do? [line_index=20]
- Ross: No more falafel for you! [line_index=21; stage=pointing at Amy, shouting]

## Scene s10e05_sc169 | Rachel looks worried
Description: Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant and looks at Ross who gestures "later".


## Scene s10e05_sc170 | Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the game. There's cheering
Description: Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the game. There's cheering, but Phoebe seems distracted.

- Mike: Great game, huh? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Uhuh, uhuh... [line_index=1; stage=seems distracted]
- Mike: Why do you keep looking at the screen? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: I'm not. I'm praying. Please let the Knicks win... Thank you Thor! Where... where are you going? [line_index=3; stage=looking up Mike is standing up]
- Mike: Going go to the bathroom. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Well, I think you should wait. [line_index=5]
- Mike: Why? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the nutrients. [line_index=7]
- Announcer: Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask. [line_index=8]

## Scene s10e05_sc171 | Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the game. There's cheering
Description: We see the screen where it says: "Mike will you marry me?" and then we see Phoebe and Mike on the screen. Phoebe stands up and kneels in front of Mike.

- Phoebe: Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? [line_index=0; stage=Mike looks bewildered]
- Announcer: Get a load of this... She's proposing to him . Guess we know who wears the pants in that family. [line_index=1; emotions=joy; stage=people are laughing, while Mike still seems bewildered]
- Phoebe: That's not very enlightened! [line_index=2]

## Scene s10e05_sc172 | Madison Square Garden. Phoebe and Mike are watching the game. There's cheering
Description: There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him

- Phoebe: Hey, hey! Boo us? Boo you! [line_index=0; stage=shouting]

## Scene s10e05_sc173 | Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone rings
Description: Rachel and Joey's. Joey is in the kitchen and the telephone rings.

- Joey: Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani... Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home right now... Okay, bye bye. She was nice! [line_index=0; stage=picks up the phone looks puzzled hangs up to himself]

## Scene s10e05_sc174 | Rachel and Amy enter
Description: Rachel and Amy enter

- Rachel: Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Whoo-hoo! [line_index=1; stage=and leaves for Rachel's room]
- Amy: You're kicking me out? [line_index=2]
- Rachel: You put holes in my baby's ears! [line_index=3]
- Amy: Yeah well, at least now people will know she is a girl ! [line_index=4]
- Rachel: I can't believe I ever even tried to help you. You are so beyond help. [line_index=5; stage=gasps]
- Amy: You know what? Ever since I got here, you have been nothing but negative. [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Excuse me? [line_index=7]
- Amy: You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then, I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws And suddenly I am the bad guy? [line_index=8; stage=frantically pointing at her nose]
- Rachel: Joey, where are those bags? [line_index=9; emotions=anger; stage=yelling]
- Joey: She has a lot of crap! [line_index=10; emotions=anger; stage=Yelling from Rachel's room]
- Amy: You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great. Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way... [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Seriously? [line_index=12; stage=doesn't believe what she's hearing]
- Amy: hm-mmm... Mom said she gained like fifteen pounds. [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Hips or thighs? [line_index=14]
- Amy: Ass and face. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins. [line_index=16; stage=gasps]
- Amy: She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking about real stuff. [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Oh, I can give you that. [line_index=18; stage=embarrassed]
- Amy: You can? [line_index=19]
- Rachel: Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're... you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are. [line_index=20]
- Amy: Thank you. I've got to admit, Emma does look cute. [line_index=21; stage=touched]
- Rachel: Did you just say Emma? [line_index=22]
- Amy: Ugh, I'm sorry... Ella. [line_index=23]

## Scene s10e05_sc175 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant.

- Phoebe: That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking about. Mike, obviously you have balls. [line_index=0]
- Mike: But please, let's just forget the whole thing. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: I would love it. Consider it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose, I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who hides it in the cake. [line_index=2; stage=the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table]

## Scene s10e05_sc176 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.

- Phoebe: It's in the cake, isn't it? [line_index=0]
- Mike: Where else would lame Mr. No Balls hide it? [line_index=1; stage=puts on a fake smile he takes the ring from the cake, and cleans it with a napkin]
- Phoebe: What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm sorry! [line_index=2]
- Mike: No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e05_sc177 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Phoebe has this weird, anxious, nervous look on her face

- Mike: I'm gonna do this now . [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh my God! [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e05_sc178 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.

- Mike: Phoebe, I... [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Wait! Oh wait! Oh no! [line_index=1; stage=she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then... She was wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.]
- Mike: Ready? [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Uh-huh! [line_index=3; stage=and now Mike kneels properly]
- Mike: Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Yes! [line_index=5]

## Scene s10e05_sc179 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: Mike puts the ring on her finger

- Mike: I love you! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: I love you more! [line_index=1]
- Mike: Not possible! She's gonna be Mrs. No Balls. [line_index=2; stage=they kiss, and then Mike says proudly...]

## Scene s10e05_sc180 | Mike and Phoebe at a restaurant
Description: They kiss again, and Phoebe looks at the ring.


## Scene s10e05_sc181 | The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are walking on the sidewalk
Description: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and Amy are walking on the sidewalk.

- Rachel: So how is the uhm... baby styling business going? [line_index=0]
- Amy: Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies are ugly. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: That's shocking! [line_index=2]
- Amy: Oh! It's Ross... Hey Ross! Hello-oo Ross! He's rude! [line_index=3; stage=She says hey to the guy at the falafel stand, whose only similarity with Ross would be his black hair. to Rachel]
