---
episode_id: s10e07
title: Friends - 10.07 The One With The Home Study
season: 10
episode: 7
---

# S10E07 Friends - 10.07 The One With The Home Study

## Scene s10e07_sc01 | Unknown

- Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller [line_index=0]

## Scene s10e07_sc02 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk


## Scene s10e07_sc03 | Central Perk
Description: Joey and Ross enter. Phoebe and Mike are sitting on the couch, reading a magazine.

- Ross: Hey you guys! Phoebe : Hey! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Hey, what are you doing? [line_index=1]
- Mike: Oh, figuring out our wedding plans. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: That's funny, we were doing the same thing! [line_index=3]
- Ross: Yeah! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: It's really crazy! The hall, the dress, the food... I-I had no idea how expensive this stuff was! [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Yeah it is really pricey. I mean, I freaked when I first heard the numbers. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: So what did you two do about it? [line_index=7]
- Chandler: It was pretty simple actually, I came up with a couple of cost-cutting solutions, wrote out a list and Monica told me to go to hell. [line_index=8]
- Ross: There's no way around it Pheebs, you just gonna have to accept the fact that this is gonna cost you a lot of money. [line_index=9]
- Mike: I heard that weddings are like a 40 billion dollar a year industry. [line_index=10]
- Ross: Yeah, and I'm responsible for just like half of that. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: But really, it does seem like this money could be put to better use? [line_index=12]
- Mike: Are you serious? [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: Yeah! Now, how would you feel if we gave all the wedding money to charity and we just got married at City Hall? [line_index=14]
- Mike: I think it would make me wanna marry you even more. [line_index=15; stage=he kisses her]
- Ross: I've got to say you guys, that's an incredible gesture! [line_index=16]
- Chandler: Maybe you do that next time you get married! [line_index=17; stage=to Ross]
- Ross: No, no, no. The next time it's gonna be a Hawaii at sunset. [pause] But maybe the time after that! [line_index=18]

## Scene s10e07_sc04 | Monica and Chandler's apartment
Description: Monica and Chandler's apartment


## Scene s10e07_sc05 | Monica and Chandler's apartment
Description: Monica is cleaning the table, Chandler is sitting on the sofa. Joey enters.

- Joey: Hey! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Joey: What's going on? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning the apartment. [line_index=3]
- Monica: We? [line_index=4; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastically]
- Chandler: You know you don't want me to help. You can't have it both ways! [line_index=5]
- Joey: Hey, is this person who decides whether or not you... get a baby? [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Kind of. She's coming by to interview us and see where we live. [line_index=7]
- Monica: And it has to go perfectly, because if she doesn't like something about us she can keep us off every adoption list in the state. [line_index=8]
- Joey: Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! It's very impressive when the little people know a celebrity. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Little people? [line_index=10; stage=pointing at himself]
- Joey: Celebrity. [line_index=11; stage=pointing at himself]
- Monica: Ok, so I think I'm just about done here, unless you have any bad stuff hidden somewhere, like... porn or cigarettes? [line_index=12]
- Chandler: What...? NO! [line_index=13]
- Monica: Chandler? [line_index=14]
- Chandler: I don't, and I'm offended by the insinuation! [line_index=15; stage=he stands up and he feels very offended]
- Monica: Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes taped to the back of the toilet tank, or a filthy video in the VCR? [line_index=16]
- Chandler: I'll admit to the cigarettes and the magazine, but that tape is not mine. [line_index=17]
- Monica: It isn't mine! [line_index=18]
- Joey: Well, I guess we'll never know whose it is! [line_index=19; stage=going out with the VCR in his hand]

## Scene s10e07_sc06 | The New York City Children's fund hallway
Description: The New York City Children's fund hallway.

- Charity guy: May I help you? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Yes. We're here to make a rather sizeable donation to the children. [line_index=1]
- Charity guy: Well, any contribution, large or small, is always appreciated. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Well, I think you're gonna appreciate it the crap out of this one [line_index=3; stage=she gives him a check]
- Charity guy: Well, this is very generous! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: And we don't want any recognition. This is completely anonymous. [line_index=5]
- Mike: Completely anonymous. From two kind strangers. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Mr. X and Phoebe Buffay. [line_index=7]
- Charity guy: Well if you like, we can include your names in our newsletter. [line_index=8]
- Mike: Not necessary. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Buffay is spelled B-U-F-F-A-Y. [line_index=10]
- Mike: And "X" is spelled uhm... "Mike Hannigan". [line_index=11]
- Right. Well, on behalf of the children: thank you both very much. [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Sure, I so glad we did this. It feels so good! [line_index=13]
- Mike: It does. It feels really good! [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: Oh, look! And we get these free t-shirts! [line_index=15; stage=she takes a t-shirt which was on the counter]
- Charity guy: Oh, actually, that's the shirt I wore to the gym. [line_index=16]
- Phoebe: Mhm... it's moist. [line_index=17]

## Scene s10e07_sc07 | Joey and Rachel's apartment
Description: Joey and Rachel's apartment.

- Ross: Hi! [line_index=0; stage=he enters]
- Rachel: Hi! Emma will be up in a minute! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Oh, good! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh hey Ross... Listen, I heard about you and Charlie. I'm really sorry. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Oh, that's OK. I'm sure there are tons of other beautiful paleontologists out there. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Absolutely. [line_index=5]
- Ross: There was one! She's it! All the rest look like they should live under a bridge! [line_index=6]
- Rachel: So, uhm... what are you gonna do today? [line_index=7]
- Ross: Well, I was thinking of taking Emma to the playground! [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Oh my God, what!? [line_index=9]
- Ross: Like I said I was thinking of taking Emma to the museum of knives and fire! [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Ok, look, Ross. I do not want Emma going to the playground. [line_index=11]
- Ross: Be-caaauuuse... [line_index=12]
- Rachel: All right, well, if you must know... I had a traumatic... swing incident... when I was little. [line_index=13; stage=upset]
- Ross: Seriously? [line_index=14]
- Rachel: Yes, I was 4 years old and I was on the swing and then all of a sudden my hair got tangled in the chain. And to get me out my mom had to-had to cut a big chunk of my hair! And it was uneven for weeks! [line_index=15; emotions=sadness; stage=crying]
- Ross: And you made it through that? I wonder who's gonna play you in the movie! [line_index=16; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastic]
- Rachel: Ok, fine! You can make fun of me. I do not want Emma going there. And I was thinking Claire Danes. [line_index=17]
- Ross: Look, I'm sorry to hear about your tragedy, ok? But the swings are perfectly safe, and besides Emma loves them. You know what, you should come with us and you'll see! [line_index=18]
- Rachel: Ross, those things go like 40 miles an hour! Ok? When you're... and there is that moment when you are at the top, when you just don't know if you're gonna return back to earth! [line_index=19]
- Ross: Space is filled with orbiting children. Look, please, just come on, you know, when you’ll see the look on Emma’s face, I swear you won’t regret it. [line_index=20; stage=pause]
- Rachel: All right! [line_index=21]
- Ross: Good, you don’t want to be one of those mothers who pass on their irrational fears on their children, do you? [line_index=22]
- Rachel: Irrational, huh? All right, well, I’ll remember that the next time you freak out about a spider in your apartment! [line_index=23]
- Ross: Oh, yeah, that’s the same, I am sure there are thirty different species of poisonous swings! [line_index=24]

## Scene s10e07_sc08 | Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door
Description: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door

- Monica: Oh my God, the adoption lady is early! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Ok, ok, here we go. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Ok. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Here we go. Stand up straight. Big smile. [line_index=3; emotions=joy; stage=smiling opens the door and both are smiling exaggeratedly]
- Phoebe: Hello, is this the creepy residence? [line_index=4]
- Monica: We’re waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I’m glad you’re here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this . I don’t know if you wanna use it, but… [line_index=5; stage=she puts a box on the table and opens it]
- Phoebe: Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won’t be needing a veil, I actually won’t be wearing a dress at all! [line_index=6]
- Monica: I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding! [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: No, no, no, we’re not having a big reception, we took the money we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity. [line_index=8]
- Monica: That’s crazy! . I am sorry. I just can’t imagine giving up my one wedding day like that! [line_index=9; stage=Phoebe looks bewildered]
- Phoebe: We, you know, we’re different! We don’t care about having a huge party. This is really nice for you, but, oh, please, I put this on? And, ow, I look , why, well, radiant. All right, well, who cares, I don’t need a pretty veil and a fancy dress. [line_index=10; stage=She picks up the veil she puts it on she looks her reflex image on a toaster pause]
- Monica: That’s right. You’re making a commitment and that’s the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it? [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: City Hall. [line_index=12]
- Monica: Ow! Oh, that sounds nice! I am just there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up! [line_index=13; stage=Chandler slaps her on her back]
- Phoebe: It’s ok, it’s ok. I made my decision. What I really want is a great big wedding [line_index=14; stage=she covers her mouth]
- Monica: Yay! [line_index=15]
- Chandler: But you already gave all your money to charity! [line_index=16]
- Phoebe: Well, I’ll just ask for it back! [line_index=17]
- Chandler: I don’t think you can do that! [line_index=18]
- Monica: Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some stupid kids! [line_index=19]
- Chandler: That’s sweet, honey, but save something for the adoption Lady. [line_index=20]

## Scene s10e07_sc09 | The playground. Ross put Emma on the swing and they’re ready to play
Description: The playground. Ross put Emma on the swing and they’re ready to play

- Rachel: Ok, careful. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Ok. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Careful, watch her hair. WATCH HER HAIR! [line_index=2]
- Ross: Rach, she’s got like three hairs! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: I know but they’re just so beautiful! Oh, my God, I just pulled one out. [line_index=4; stage=she touches Emma’s head]
- Ross: I promise you she’s safe! No watch how much she loves this. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Ok. Ross : Ready sweety? [line_index=6; stage=to Emma]
- Rachel: Ok. [line_index=7]
- Ross: Here we go! [line_index=8; stage=He starts pushing Emma]
- Rachel: Ok, careful, ok. Oh, she’s smiling! Oh my God, she does like it! [line_index=9; stage=Emma giggles]
- Ross: See, I told you! [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Awe! Oh my God! Looks, she’s a little dare-devil! Oh, let me push, can I push? [line_index=11; stage=Emma laughs]
- Ross: Oh, absolutely! [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Ok. Oh God. Get the camera, it’s in the diaper bag. [line_index=13; stage=To Ross]
- Ross: Ok! See? Scared of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly Ow! [line_index=14; stage=he takes the camera and walks backwards to take a shot a swinging boy knocks him down]

## Scene s10e07_sc10 | The New York City Children's fund
Description: The New York City Children's fund

- Mike: We’re seriously asking for our money back? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: It’s for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight, because one of us gonna have to start flirting. [line_index=1]
- Charity guy: Wow! Are you here to make another donation the same day? I don’t think that that’s ever happened before. Phoebe : Gay, go. Mike : Oh my God, I love your shirt! [line_index=2; stage=to Mike to the charity guy]
- Phoebe: The donation we made earlier, we k…, we w…, we want it back. [line_index=3]
- Charity guy: Excuse me? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn’t want, but it turns out we do. [line_index=5]
- Charity guy: So you’re asking us to refund your donation to the children? [line_index=6]
- Mike: Yeah! This feels really good. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. [line_index=8]
- Charity guy: Hey, it’s not my business, besides it’s probably a good thing. We really would have been spoiling the children, all those food, and warm clothing… [line_index=9; stage=he takes their check from a drawer]
- Phoebe: Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a graduation party! And I didn’t go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to “kill me” or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty little man make me feel badly about it. [line_index=10; stage=She storms out]
- Mike: She could have been talking about either one of us. [line_index=11]

## Scene s10e07_sc11 | Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door
Description: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door

- Laura: Hi, I am Laura, I am here for your adoption interview. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Hi, I am Monica and this is Chandler. Please come in. [line_index=1]
- Laura: Thank you! [line_index=2]
- Monica: Would you like something to drink? [line_index=3]
- Laura: Oh, water would be fine. [line_index=4]
- Monica: Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We’re really excited about getting this process started. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Oh, because we love kids. Love ‘em to death.Well, not actually to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount... as allowed by law. [line_index=6]
- Laura: Your place is just lovely. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Ah, thank you. This building does have a wholesome family feel to it. [line_index=8]
- Laura: You know, I... I feel like I've been here before. Are any other couples in the building adopting? [line_index=9]
- Monica: Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby before them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs. [line_index=10; stage=Laura looks shocked]
- Chandler: But other than that... wholesome, wholesome building. [line_index=11]
- Laura: Oh... [line_index=12]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=13]
- Laura: I just realized why I remember this place. [line_index=14]
- Monica: Really? What is it? [line_index=15]
- Laura: Oh, it's nothing. I went on a date with a guy who lived in this building and it didn't end very well. [line_index=16]
- Monica: Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani? [line_index=17]
- Laura: Yes! [line_index=18]
- Chandler: Of course it was! [line_index=19]
- Laura: Yeah, we had a really great night and in the morning he promised he would call me and he didn't. [line_index=20]
- Chandler: RAT BASTARD! [line_index=21]
- Laura: So you're not friends with him? Monica and [line_index=22]
- Chandler: OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! No! [line_index=23; stage=finally Monica concludes]
- Laura: Well, I'm sorry I brought it up. So, are either one of you planning on staying at home with your child... [line_index=24; stage=someone knocks on the door]
- Joey: Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity? OW! [line_index=25; stage=form the other side of the door He starts to enter the apartment and Chandler runs to the door and shuts it back in his face]
- Laura: What was that? [line_index=26]
- Chandler: Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great with kids though. [line_index=27]

## Scene s10e07_sc12 | Ross and Rachel are at the playground with Emma. Rachel in putting her back in the stroller and Ross is tending to his wound
Description: Ross and Rachel are at the playground with Emma. Rachel in putting her back in the stroller and Ross is tending to his wound

- Rachel: Oh, oh Ross, oh my God, are you okay? [line_index=0]
- Ross: SON OF A BITCH! Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word! [line_index=1; stage=turns to his right to see three kids staring at him To the kids They go away]
- Rachel: Ross, see! I told you, those swings are evil! Alright, that is it. That is the last time Emma is getting on one of those things for her entire life. [line_index=2]
- Ross: No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault and kind of that kids fault. Who is still laughing. Nice. [line_index=3; stage=point to the kid that kicked him]
- Rachel: Ross, c'mon, please. Can we just get out of here, before somebody else gets hurt? [line_index=4]
- Ross: No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the swing, okay? And you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: I know what this is all about... You've always been jealous of my hair. [line_index=6; stage=looks at him suspiciously]
- Ross: Look, I just think you're an adult, okay? And you should get over your silly fears. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Alright fine. I'll do it. [line_index=8]
- Ross: Good. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: If you hold a spider. [line_index=10]
- Ross: WHAT? WHERE? WHERE? [line_index=11; stage=He freaks out and starts jumping around brushing his sweater]
- Rachel: IF you hold a spider. [line_index=12]
- Ross: I know. [line_index=13; stage=Rachel bends down to Emma and Ross looks over his shoulder again, afraid]

## Scene s10e07_sc13 | Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler is still leaning against the door
Description: Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler is still leaning against the door, keeping Joey out, who is still banging and shouting on the other side.

- Joey: Guys? Everything ok? It's me, Joe... [line_index=0]
- Chandler: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA......AAAaaa-doption!! [line_index=1; stage=Screams to interrupt Joey]
- Laura: What's going on? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls. [line_index=3; stage=Joey bangs on the door again]
- Joey: Guys!? [line_index=4]
- Monica: Keep on roaming Bert! We don't want any crazy today! [line_index=5]
- Joey: What's going on? [line_index=6]
- Chandler: WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!! [line_index=7; stage=cut to Joey on the other side, who finally leaves the door and goes to his apartment]
- Joey: Everything doesn't sound fine! [line_index=8]
- Laura: Is he alright out there by himself? [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie. [line_index=10]
- Laura: Bert and Ernie! [line_index=11]
- Chandler: You can't make this stuff up! [line_index=12; emotions=anxiety; stage=nervous smile]

## Scene s10e07_sc14 | Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike enter
Description: Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike enter

- Mike: You never told me about that guy on your sweet sixteen. Oh, ugh. I'm sorry about that. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh! It ended okay. One of my friends shot him. [line_index=1; stage=Lightly]
- Mike: Well, hey, at least you're getting a proper wedding. I mean, you really deserve that. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up. Just like the kids I took the money from. [line_index=3; stage=thinks for a few seconds]
- Mike: No! No, no. I see where this is going. Don't make me go back there. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's tainted. [line_index=5]
- Mike: Alright, fine. We'll give the money back. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't shot anyone in a really long time. [line_index=7]

## Scene s10e07_sc15 | Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window
Description: Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window, Chandler and Monica are standing on either side of her, facing each other.

- Laura: Well, I must say, this seems like a lovely environment to raise a child in. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Oh, by the way, you are more than welcome to look under any of the furniture, because, believe me, you won't find any porn or cigarettes under there! [line_index=1]
- Laura: Oh! Well, actually, before we look around, let me make sure I have everything I need up to here... [line_index=2; stage=She starts checking her form. Chandler sees movement near the window from the corner of his eye and when he looks he spots Joey climbing up the fire escape and onto their balcony. He warns Monica silently.]
- Monica: Why don't I show you the baby's room? [line_index=3; stage=Pulls Laura into the spare room Joey enters through the side window and jogs towards the kitchen holding a baseball bat]
- Chandler: What the hell are you doing? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Well, you wouldn't let me in, so I thought you were in trouble. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Well, we're not. [line_index=6]
- Joey: But you called me 'Bert'!? That's our code word for danger! [line_index=7]
- Chandler: We don't have a code word. [line_index=8]
- Joey: We don't? We really should. From now on, 'Bert' will be our code word for danger. [line_index=9]

## Scene s10e07_sc16 | Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window
Description: Monica talks loudly in the baby's room

- Monica: So that was the baby's room. [line_index=0; stage=They come out and Chandler throws Joey behind the couch and puts his foot on him. Monica looks at Chandler]
- Monica: What room should we see next? [line_index=1; stage=To Chandler]
- Chandler: Any room that isn't behind this couch! [line_index=2; emotions=anxiety; stage=laughs nervously]
- Monica: Some people don't get him, but I think he's really funny! . [line_index=3; emotions=anxiety,confusion; stage=laughs nervously as well, Laura looks confused To Laura She takes Laura to their own bedroom]

## Scene s10e07_sc17 | Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window
Description: Joey gets up and look annoyed

- Joey: I did not care for that! [line_index=0; stage=quivering with anger]
- Chandler: You have to get out of here. You slept with our social worker and you never called her back and she is still pissed, so she can't see you. [line_index=1; stage=escorting Joey to the door]
- Joey: Ok, ok! [line_index=2; stage=He leaves]
- Chandler: Ok! [line_index=3; stage=Joey leaves and closes the door behind him. Chandler walks towards the living room, but then Joey enters again.]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=4]
- Joey: I forgot my bat. [line_index=5; stage=He picks up his bat and holds it up, but then Monica and Laura enter the living room again. When Laura sees Joey, she freezes...]
- Laura: Oh my God! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And we don't want to buy your bat! [line_index=7; stage=Joey lowers his bat]
- Laura: What are you doing here? [line_index=8]
- Joey: Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert! [line_index=9; stage=to Chandler]
- Laura: Are you friends with him? [line_index=10]
- Chandler: I can explain... Joey... [line_index=11]
- Joey: Uhm... ok... uhm... Well, yeah... You have got some nerve, coming back here. I can't believe you never called me. [line_index=12]
- Laura: Excuse me? [line_index=13]
- Joey: Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by the way. And don't bother telling me yours, because I totally remember it... lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me. [line_index=14]
- Laura: I gave you my number, you never called me. [line_index=15]
- Joey: No, no! Don't try to turn this around on me, ok? I'm not some kind of... social work, ok, that you can just... do. [line_index=16]
- Laura: Well, I'm pretty sure I gave you my number. [line_index=17; stage=embarrassed towards Chandler and Monica]
- Joey: Really? Think about it. Come on! You're a beautiful woman, smart, funny, we had a really good time, huh? If I had your number, why wouldn't I call you? [line_index=18]
- Laura: I don't know... Well, maybe I'm wrong... I'm sorry... [line_index=19]
- Joey: No, no, hey, no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? [line_index=20; stage=and he leaves the apartment, leaving her shocked]
- Laura: Joey, wait! [line_index=21]
- Joey: NO! I waited a long time, I can't wait anymore... [line_index=22; stage=acting sad and closes the door behind him]
- Laura: I'm sorry that you had to see that. I'm so embarrassed... [line_index=23; emotions=joy,anxiety; stage=laughing nervously]
- Chandler: Oh, that's really ok. [line_index=24]
- Monica: Yeah, that we totally understand. Dating is hard. [line_index=25]
- Laura: Boy, you people are nice... And I've got to say... I think you're going to make excellent parents. [line_index=26]

## Scene s10e07_sc18 | Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window
Description: Chandler and Monica hug each other, and then Joey enters the apartment again.

- Joey: LAURA! [line_index=0; stage=and points to her, very confident]

## Scene s10e07_sc19 | The New York City Children's Fund building. Phoebe and Mike are entering
Description: The New York City Children's Fund building. Phoebe and Mike are entering.

- Phoebe: We're back! [line_index=0; stage=to the Charity guy]
- Charity guy: Are you here to take more money? Because, I think what you're looking for is an ATM. [line_index=1]
- Mike: No, no, we're here to give the money back. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Yeah, because you know what, it's... it's all about the children. [line_index=3; stage=the Charity guy smiles wanting to take the check, but Phoebe pulls it back again. His smile fades.]
- Phoebe: Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here. No... Oh God... Oh! [line_index=4; stage=she gives the check and pulls it back again]
- Charity guy: If I haven't said so already sir, congratulations! [line_index=5; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastically pointing to Phoebe]
- Mike: Ok, look! Enough! Alright? I'm stepping in. I'm putting my foot down! As your future husband I'm going to make this decision for us. Now... what do you think we should do? [line_index=6; stage=takes the check from Phoebe thinking]
- Charity guy: You know what? It's not your decision anymore. [line_index=7]
- Mike: What? [line_index=8]
- Charity guy: On behalf of the Children of New York, I reject your money. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: But... but... but we're giving you this! [line_index=10]
- Charity guy: Yeah... And I'm giving it back to you... Come on! Consider it a contribution. [line_index=11; stage=gives the check to Phoebe]
- Phoebe: Well, this is very generous! [line_index=12; stage=looks at the amount on the check, and gasps]
- Charity guy: Please, take the check, go have a great wedding and a wonderful life together. [line_index=13]
- Mike: Well, I mean... It sounds good to me. And that way we can save up, come back in a few years and make an even bigger donation. [line_index=14]
- Charity guy: Absolutely! And when you do, make sure you ask for Brian. [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Oh, is that you? [line_index=16]
- Charity guy: No! [line_index=17]

## Scene s10e07_sc20 | Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are sitting in their living room when the phone rings
Description: Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are sitting in their living room when the phone rings.

- Monica: Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler... Ok, goodbye. [line_index=0; stage=hangs up]
- Chandler: Wrong number? [line_index=1]
- Monica: It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are officially on the waiting list. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: That's great! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's a baby waiting for us. Oh... [line_index=4; stage=Chandler and Monica hug and after a while the telephone rings again... Monica's eyes get bigger. Chandler answers.]
- Chandler: Hello...? Have you seen Joey's bat? [line_index=5]

## Scene s10e07_sc21 | The playground. Ross
Description: The playground. Ross, Rachel and Emma are still there. Rachel comes walking to Ross and Emma with something between her hands.

- Rachel: Ok... I got a spider. There were two, I picked the bigger one. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Ok... [line_index=1; emotions=anxiety; stage=nervously]
- Rachel: Ok... [line_index=2; stage=and passes the spider to Ross who holds it in between his hands]
- Ross: This feels perfectly normal. Ok, get on the swing! [line_index=3; stage=Gasps and speaks at a higher pitch]
- Rachel: Ok... O-k... [line_index=4; stage=reluctantly]

## Scene s10e07_sc22 | The playground. Ross
Description: She slowly grabs the chains of the swing, swings her hair back, and sits down.

- Rachel: Ok... [line_index=0; stage=more confident]

## Scene s10e07_sc23 | The playground. Ross
Description: She slowly walks forward and backward, to gain speed...

- Rachel: whoo... ok... wow... ok... OH! [line_index=0]
- Ross: See? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: A-alright! I can do this. [line_index=2]
- Ross: There you go! Good for you! And you know what, I'm actually getting used to this little guy. I don't really even feel him in here anymore. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: That's because he's on your neck. [line_index=4]
- Ross: Well... Whaa... aaah... aaahhh... [line_index=5; stage=realizes, screaming like a little girl, trying to get rid of the spider Ross is now preoccupied with the spider, and forgets that Rachel is still using the swing. While trying to get rid of the spider, he stands in front of Rachel, who bumps into him, throwing him on the ground again.]
- Rachel: ROSS! end [line_index=6; stage=Rachel tries to stop mid-swing, and the swing starts to turn from side to side]

## Scene s10e07_sc24 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk


## Scene s10e07_sc25 | Central Perk
Description: Joey and Ross enter. Phoebe and Mike are sitting on the couch, reading a magazine.

- Ross: Hey you guys! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hey, what are you doing? [line_index=2]
- Mike: Oh, figuring out our wedding plans. [line_index=3]
- Chandler: That's funny, we were doing the same thing! [line_index=4]
- Ross: Yeah! [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: It's really crazy! The hall, the dress, the food... I-I had no idea how expensive this stuff was! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Yeah it is really pricey. I mean, I freaked when I first heard the numbers. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: So what did you two do about it? [line_index=8]
- Chandler: It was pretty simple actually, I came up with a couple of cost-cutting solutions, wrote out a list and Monica told me to go to hell. [line_index=9]
- Ross: There's no way around it Pheebs, you just gonna have to accept the fact that this is gonna cost you a lot of money. [line_index=10]
- Mike: I heard that weddings are like a 40 billion dollar a year industry. [line_index=11]
- Ross: Yeah, and I'm responsible for just like half of that. [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: But really, it does seem like this money could be put to better use? [line_index=13]
- Mike: Are you serious? [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: Yeah! Now, how would you feel if we gave all the wedding money to charity and we just got married at City Hall? [line_index=15]
- Mike: I think it would make me wanna marry you even more. [line_index=16; stage=he kisses her]
- Ross: I've got to say you guys, that's an incredible gesture! [line_index=17]
- Chandler: Maybe you do that next time you get married! [line_index=18; stage=to Ross]
- Ross: No, no, no. The next time it's gonna be a Hawaii at sunset. [pause] But maybe the time after that! [line_index=19]

## Scene s10e07_sc26 | Monica and Chandler's apartment
Description: Monica and Chandler's apartment


## Scene s10e07_sc27 | Monica and Chandler's apartment
Description: Monica is cleaning the table, Chandler is sitting on the sofa. Joey enters.

- Joey: Hey! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Joey: What's going on? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning the apartment. [line_index=3]
- Monica: We? [line_index=4; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastically]
- Chandler: You know you don't want me to help. You can't have it both ways! [line_index=5]
- Joey: Hey, is this person who decides whether or not you... get a baby? [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Kind of. She's coming by to interview us and see where we live. [line_index=7]
- Monica: And it has to go perfectly, because if she doesn't like something about us she can keep us off every adoption list in the state. [line_index=8]
- Joey: Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! It's very impressive when the little people know a celebrity. [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Little people? [line_index=10; stage=pointing at himself]
- Joey: Celebrity. [line_index=11; stage=pointing at himself]
- Monica: Ok, so I think I'm just about done here, unless you have any bad stuff hidden somewhere, like... porn or cigarettes? [line_index=12]
- Chandler: What...? NO! [line_index=13]
- Monica: Chandler? [line_index=14]
- Chandler: I don't, and I'm offended by the insinuation! [line_index=15; stage=he stands up and he feels very offended]
- Monica: Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes taped to the back of the toilet tank, or a filthy video in the VCR? [line_index=16]
- Chandler: I'll admit to the cigarettes and the magazine, but that tape is not mine. [line_index=17]
- Monica: It isn't mine! [line_index=18]
- Joey: Well, I guess we'll never know whose it is! [line_index=19; stage=going out with the VCR in his hand]

## Scene s10e07_sc28 | The New York City Children's fund hallway
Description: The New York City Children's fund hallway.

- Charity guy: May I help you? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Yes. We're here to make a rather sizeable donation to the children. [line_index=1]
- Charity guy: Well, any contribution, large or small, is always appreciated. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Well, I think you're gonna appreciate it the crap out of this one [line_index=3; stage=she gives him a check]
- Charity guy: Well, this is very generous! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: And we don't want any recognition. This is completely anonymous. [line_index=5]
- Mike: Completely anonymous. From two kind strangers. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Mr. X and Phoebe Buffay. [line_index=7]
- Charity guy: Well if you like, we can include your names in our newsletter. [line_index=8]
- Mike: Not necessary. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: Buffay is spelled B-U-F-F-A-Y. [line_index=10]
- Mike: And "X" is spelled uhm... "Mike Hannigan". [line_index=11]
- Right. Well, on behalf of the children: thank you both very much. [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Sure, I so glad we did this. It feels so good! [line_index=13]
- Mike: It does. It feels really good! [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: Oh, look! And we get these free t-shirts! [line_index=15; stage=she takes a t-shirt which was on the counter]
- Charity guy: Oh, actually, that's the shirt I wore to the gym. [line_index=16]
- Phoebe: Mhm... it's moist. [line_index=17]

## Scene s10e07_sc29 | Joey and Rachel's apartment
Description: Joey and Rachel's apartment.

- Ross: Hi! [line_index=0; stage=he enters]
- Rachel: Hi! Emma will be up in a minute! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Oh, good! [line_index=2]
- Rachel: Oh hey Ross... Listen, I heard about you and Charlie. I'm really sorry. [line_index=3]
- Ross: Oh, that's OK. I'm sure there are tons of other beautiful paleontologists out there. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Absolutely. [line_index=5]
- Ross: There was one! She's it! All the rest look like they should live under a bridge! [line_index=6]
- Rachel: So, uhm... what are you gonna do today? [line_index=7]
- Ross: Well, I was thinking of taking Emma to the playground! [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Oh my God, what!? [line_index=9]
- Ross: Like I said I was thinking of taking Emma to the museum of knives and fire! [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Ok, look, Ross. I do not want Emma going to the playground. [line_index=11]
- Ross: Be-caaauuuse... [line_index=12]
- Rachel: All right, well, if you must know... I had a traumatic... swing incident... when I was little. [line_index=13; stage=upset]
- Ross: Seriously? [line_index=14]
- Rachel: Yes, I was 4 years old and I was on the swing and then all of a sudden my hair got tangled in the chain. And to get me out my mom had to-had to cut a big chunk of my hair! And it was uneven for weeks! [line_index=15; emotions=sadness; stage=crying]
- Ross: And you made it through that? I wonder who's gonna play you in the movie! [line_index=16; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastic]
- Rachel: Ok, fine! You can make fun of me. I do not want Emma going there. And I was thinking Claire Danes. [line_index=17]
- Ross: Look, I'm sorry to hear about your tragedy, ok? But the swings are perfectly safe, and besides Emma loves them. You know what, you should come with us and you'll see! [line_index=18]
- Rachel: Ross, those things go like 40 miles an hour! Ok? When you're... and there is that moment when you are at the top, when you just don't know if you're gonna return back to earth! [line_index=19]
- Ross: Space is filled with orbiting children. Look, please, just come on, you know, when you’ll see the look on Emma’s face, I swear you won’t regret it. [line_index=20; stage=pause]
- Rachel: All right! [line_index=21]
- Ross: Good, you don’t want to be one of those mothers who pass on their irrational fears on their children, do you? [line_index=22]
- Rachel: Irrational, huh? All right, well, I’ll remember that the next time you freak out about a spider in your apartment! [line_index=23]
- Ross: Oh, yeah, that’s the same, I am sure there are thirty different species of poisonous swings! [line_index=24]

## Scene s10e07_sc30 | Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door
Description: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door

- Monica: Oh my God, the adoption lady is early! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Ok, ok, here we go. [line_index=1]
- Monica: Ok. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Here we go. Stand up straight. Big smile. [line_index=3; emotions=joy; stage=smiling opens the door and both are smiling exaggeratedly]
- Phoebe: Hello, is this the creepy residence? [line_index=4]
- Monica: We’re waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I’m glad you’re here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this . I don’t know if you wanna use it, but… [line_index=5; stage=she puts a box on the table and opens it]
- Phoebe: Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won’t be needing a veil, I actually won’t be wearing a dress at all! [line_index=6]
- Monica: I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding! [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: No, no, no, we’re not having a big reception, we took the money we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity. [line_index=8]
- Monica: That’s crazy! . I am sorry. I just can’t imagine giving up my one wedding day like that! [line_index=9; stage=Phoebe looks bewildered]
- Phoebe: We, you know, we’re different! We don’t care about having a huge party. This is really nice for you, but, oh, please, I put this on? And, ow, I look , why, well, radiant. All right, well, who cares, I don’t need a pretty veil and a fancy dress. [line_index=10; stage=She picks up the veil she puts it on she looks her reflex image on a toaster pause]
- Monica: That’s right. You’re making a commitment and that’s the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it? [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: City Hall. [line_index=12]
- Monica: Ow! Oh, that sounds nice! I am just there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up! [line_index=13; stage=Chandler slaps her on her back]
- Phoebe: It’s ok, it’s ok. I made my decision. What I really want is a great big wedding [line_index=14; stage=she covers her mouth]
- Monica: Yay! [line_index=15]
- Chandler: But you already gave all your money to charity! [line_index=16]
- Phoebe: Well, I’ll just ask for it back! [line_index=17]
- Chandler: I don’t think you can do that! [line_index=18]
- Monica: Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some stupid kids! [line_index=19]
- Chandler: That’s sweet, honey, but save something for the adoption Lady. [line_index=20]

## Scene s10e07_sc31 | The playground. Ross put Emma on the swing and they’re ready to play
Description: The playground. Ross put Emma on the swing and they’re ready to play

- Rachel: Ok, careful. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Ok. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Careful, watch her hair. WATCH HER HAIR! [line_index=2]
- Ross: Rach, she’s got like three hairs! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: I know but they’re just so beautiful! Oh, my God, I just pulled one out. [line_index=4; stage=she touches Emma’s head]
- Ross: I promise you she’s safe! No watch how much she loves this. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Ok. Ross : Ready sweety? [line_index=6; stage=to Emma]
- Rachel: Ok. [line_index=7]
- Ross: Here we go! [line_index=8; stage=He starts pushing Emma]
- Rachel: Ok, careful, ok. Oh, she’s smiling! Oh my God, she does like it! [line_index=9; stage=Emma giggles]
- Ross: See, I told you! [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Awe! Oh my God! Looks, she’s a little dare-devil! Oh, let me push, can I push? [line_index=11; stage=Emma laughs]
- Ross: Oh, absolutely! [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Ok. Oh God. Get the camera, it’s in the diaper bag. [line_index=13; stage=To Ross]
- Ross: Ok! See? Scared of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly Ow! [line_index=14; stage=he takes the camera and walks backwards to take a shot a swinging boy knocks him down]

## Scene s10e07_sc32 | The New York City Children's fund
Description: The New York City Children's fund

- Mike: We’re seriously asking for our money back? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: It’s for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight, because one of us gonna have to start flirting. [line_index=1]
- Charity guy: Wow! Are you here to make another donation the same day? I don’t think that that’s ever happened before. Phoebe : Gay, go. Mike : Oh my God, I love your shirt! [line_index=2; stage=to Mike to the charity guy]
- Phoebe: The donation we made earlier, we k…, we w…, we want it back. [line_index=3]
- Charity guy: Excuse me? [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn’t want, but it turns out we do. [line_index=5]
- Charity guy: So you’re asking us to refund your donation to the children? [line_index=6]
- Mike: Yeah! This feels really good. [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. [line_index=8]
- Charity guy: Hey, it’s not my business, besides it’s probably a good thing. We really would have been spoiling the children, all those food, and warm clothing… [line_index=9; stage=he takes their check from a drawer]
- Phoebe: Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a graduation party! And I didn’t go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to “kill me” or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty little man make me feel badly about it. [line_index=10; stage=She storms out]
- Mike: She could have been talking about either one of us. [line_index=11]

## Scene s10e07_sc33 | Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door
Description: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door

- Laura: Hi, I am Laura, I am here for your adoption interview. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Hi, I am Monica and this is Chandler. Please come in. [line_index=1]
- Laura: Thank you! [line_index=2]
- Monica: Would you like something to drink? [line_index=3]
- Laura: Oh, water would be fine. [line_index=4]
- Monica: Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We’re really excited about getting this process started. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Oh, because we love kids. Love ‘em to death.Well, not actually to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount... as allowed by law. [line_index=6]
- Laura: Your place is just lovely. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Ah, thank you. This building does have a wholesome family feel to it. [line_index=8]
- Laura: You know, I... I feel like I've been here before. Are any other couples in the building adopting? [line_index=9]
- Monica: Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby before them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs. [line_index=10; stage=Laura looks shocked]
- Chandler: But other than that... wholesome, wholesome building. [line_index=11]
- Laura: Oh... [line_index=12]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=13]
- Laura: I just realized why I remember this place. [line_index=14]
- Monica: Really? What is it? [line_index=15]
- Laura: Oh, it's nothing. I went on a date with a guy who lived in this building and it didn't end very well. [line_index=16]
- Monica: Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani? [line_index=17]
- Laura: Yes! [line_index=18]
- Chandler: Of course it was! [line_index=19]
- Laura: Yeah, we had a really great night and in the morning he promised he would call me and he didn't. [line_index=20]
- Chandler: RAT BASTARD! [line_index=21]
- Laura: So you're not friends with him? Monica and [line_index=22]
- Chandler: OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! No! [line_index=23; stage=finally Monica concludes]
- Laura: Well, I'm sorry I brought it up. So, are either one of you planning on staying at home with your child... [line_index=24; stage=someone knocks on the door]
- Joey: Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity? OW! [line_index=25; stage=form the other side of the door He starts to enter the apartment and Chandler runs to the door and shuts it back in his face]
- Laura: What was that? [line_index=26]
- Chandler: Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great with kids though. [line_index=27]

## Scene s10e07_sc34 | Ross and Rachel are at the playground with Emma. Rachel in putting her back in the stroller and Ross is tending to his wound
Description: Ross and Rachel are at the playground with Emma. Rachel in putting her back in the stroller and Ross is tending to his wound

- Rachel: Oh, oh Ross, oh my God, are you okay? [line_index=0]
- Ross: SON OF A BITCH! Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word! [line_index=1; stage=turns to his right to see three kids staring at him To the kids They go away]
- Rachel: Ross, see! I told you, those swings are evil! Alright, that is it. That is the last time Emma is getting on one of those things for her entire life. [line_index=2]
- Ross: No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault and kind of that kids fault. Who is still laughing. Nice. [line_index=3; stage=point to the kid that kicked him]
- Rachel: Ross, c'mon, please. Can we just get out of here, before somebody else gets hurt? [line_index=4]
- Ross: No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the swing, okay? And you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: I know what this is all about... You've always been jealous of my hair. [line_index=6; stage=looks at him suspiciously]
- Ross: Look, I just think you're an adult, okay? And you should get over your silly fears. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Alright fine. I'll do it. [line_index=8]
- Ross: Good. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: If you hold a spider. [line_index=10]
- Ross: WHAT? WHERE? WHERE? [line_index=11; stage=He freaks out and starts jumping around brushing his sweater]
- Rachel: IF you hold a spider. [line_index=12]
- Ross: I know. [line_index=13; stage=Rachel bends down to Emma and Ross looks over his shoulder again, afraid]

## Scene s10e07_sc35 | Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler is still leaning against the door
Description: Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler is still leaning against the door, keeping Joey out, who is still banging and shouting on the other side.

- Joey: Guys? Everything ok? It's me, Joe... [line_index=0]
- Chandler: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA......AAAaaa-doption!! [line_index=1; stage=Screams to interrupt Joey]
- Laura: What's going on? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls. [line_index=3; stage=Joey bangs on the door again]
- Joey: Guys!? [line_index=4]
- Monica: Keep on roaming Bert! We don't want any crazy today! [line_index=5]
- Joey: What's going on? [line_index=6]
- Chandler: WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!! [line_index=7; stage=cut to Joey on the other side, who finally leaves the door and goes to his apartment]
- Joey: Everything doesn't sound fine! [line_index=8]
- Laura: Is he alright out there by himself? [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie. [line_index=10]
- Laura: Bert and Ernie! [line_index=11]
- Chandler: You can't make this stuff up! [line_index=12; emotions=anxiety; stage=nervous smile]

## Scene s10e07_sc36 | Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike enter
Description: Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike enter

- Mike: You never told me about that guy on your sweet sixteen. Oh, ugh. I'm sorry about that. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh! It ended okay. One of my friends shot him. [line_index=1; stage=Lightly]
- Mike: Well, hey, at least you're getting a proper wedding. I mean, you really deserve that. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up. Just like the kids I took the money from. [line_index=3; stage=thinks for a few seconds]
- Mike: No! No, no. I see where this is going. Don't make me go back there. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's tainted. [line_index=5]
- Mike: Alright, fine. We'll give the money back. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't shot anyone in a really long time. [line_index=7]

## Scene s10e07_sc37 | Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window
Description: Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window, Chandler and Monica are standing on either side of her, facing each other.

- Laura: Well, I must say, this seems like a lovely environment to raise a child in. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Oh, by the way, you are more than welcome to look under any of the furniture, because, believe me, you won't find any porn or cigarettes under there! [line_index=1]
- Laura: Oh! Well, actually, before we look around, let me make sure I have everything I need up to here... [line_index=2; stage=She starts checking her form. Chandler sees movement near the window from the corner of his eye and when he looks he spots Joey climbing up the fire escape and onto their balcony. He warns Monica silently.]
- Monica: Why don't I show you the baby's room? [line_index=3; stage=Pulls Laura into the spare room Joey enters through the side window and jogs towards the kitchen holding a baseball bat]
- Chandler: What the hell are you doing? [line_index=4]
- Joey: Well, you wouldn't let me in, so I thought you were in trouble. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Well, we're not. [line_index=6]
- Joey: But you called me 'Bert'!? That's our code word for danger! [line_index=7]
- Chandler: We don't have a code word. [line_index=8]
- Joey: We don't? We really should. From now on, 'Bert' will be our code word for danger. [line_index=9]

## Scene s10e07_sc38 | Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window
Description: Monica talks loudly in the baby's room

- Monica: So that was the baby's room. [line_index=0; stage=They come out and Chandler throws Joey behind the couch and puts his foot on him. Monica looks at Chandler]
- Monica: What room should we see next? [line_index=1; stage=To Chandler]
- Chandler: Any room that isn't behind this couch! [line_index=2; emotions=anxiety; stage=laughs nervously]
- Monica: Some people don't get him, but I think he's really funny! . [line_index=3; emotions=anxiety,confusion; stage=laughs nervously as well, Laura looks confused To Laura She takes Laura to their own bedroom]

## Scene s10e07_sc39 | Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window
Description: Joey gets up and look annoyed

- Joey: I did not care for that! [line_index=0; stage=quivering with anger]
- Chandler: You have to get out of here. You slept with our social worker and you never called her back and she is still pissed, so she can't see you. [line_index=1; stage=escorting Joey to the door]
- Joey: Ok, ok! [line_index=2; stage=He leaves]
- Chandler: Ok! [line_index=3; stage=Joey leaves and closes the door behind him. Chandler walks towards the living room, but then Joey enters again.]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=4]
- Joey: I forgot my bat. [line_index=5; stage=He picks up his bat and holds it up, but then Monica and Laura enter the living room again. When Laura sees Joey, she freezes...]
- Laura: Oh my God! [line_index=6]
- Chandler: And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And we don't want to buy your bat! [line_index=7; stage=Joey lowers his bat]
- Laura: What are you doing here? [line_index=8]
- Joey: Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert! [line_index=9; stage=to Chandler]
- Laura: Are you friends with him? [line_index=10]
- Chandler: I can explain... Joey... [line_index=11]
- Joey: Uhm... ok... uhm... Well, yeah... You have got some nerve, coming back here. I can't believe you never called me. [line_index=12]
- Laura: Excuse me? [line_index=13]
- Joey: Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by the way. And don't bother telling me yours, because I totally remember it... lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me. [line_index=14]
- Laura: I gave you my number, you never called me. [line_index=15]
- Joey: No, no! Don't try to turn this around on me, ok? I'm not some kind of... social work, ok, that you can just... do. [line_index=16]
- Laura: Well, I'm pretty sure I gave you my number. [line_index=17; stage=embarrassed towards Chandler and Monica]
- Joey: Really? Think about it. Come on! You're a beautiful woman, smart, funny, we had a really good time, huh? If I had your number, why wouldn't I call you? [line_index=18]
- Laura: I don't know... Well, maybe I'm wrong... I'm sorry... [line_index=19]
- Joey: No, no, hey, no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? [line_index=20; stage=and he leaves the apartment, leaving her shocked]
- Laura: Joey, wait! [line_index=21]
- Joey: NO! I waited a long time, I can't wait anymore... [line_index=22; stage=acting sad and closes the door behind him]
- Laura: I'm sorry that you had to see that. I'm so embarrassed... [line_index=23; emotions=joy,anxiety; stage=laughing nervously]
- Chandler: Oh, that's really ok. [line_index=24]
- Monica: Yeah, that we totally understand. Dating is hard. [line_index=25]
- Laura: Boy, you people are nice... And I've got to say... I think you're going to make excellent parents. [line_index=26]

## Scene s10e07_sc40 | Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window
Description: Chandler and Monica hug each other, and then Joey enters the apartment again.

- Joey: LAURA! [line_index=0; stage=and points to her, very confident]

## Scene s10e07_sc41 | The New York City Children's Fund building. Phoebe and Mike are entering
Description: The New York City Children's Fund building. Phoebe and Mike are entering.

- Phoebe: We're back! [line_index=0; stage=to the Charity guy]
- Charity guy: Are you here to take more money? Because, I think what you're looking for is an ATM. [line_index=1]
- Mike: No, no, we're here to give the money back. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Yeah, because you know what, it's... it's all about the children. [line_index=3; stage=the Charity guy smiles wanting to take the check, but Phoebe pulls it back again. His smile fades.]
- Phoebe: Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here. No... Oh God... Oh! [line_index=4; stage=she gives the check and pulls it back again]
- Charity guy: If I haven't said so already sir, congratulations! [line_index=5; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastically pointing to Phoebe]
- Mike: Ok, look! Enough! Alright? I'm stepping in. I'm putting my foot down! As your future husband I'm going to make this decision for us. Now... what do you think we should do? [line_index=6; stage=takes the check from Phoebe thinking]
- Charity guy: You know what? It's not your decision anymore. [line_index=7]
- Mike: What? [line_index=8]
- Charity guy: On behalf of the Children of New York, I reject your money. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: But... but... but we're giving you this! [line_index=10]
- Charity guy: Yeah... And I'm giving it back to you... Come on! Consider it a contribution. [line_index=11; stage=gives the check to Phoebe]
- Phoebe: Well, this is very generous! [line_index=12; stage=looks at the amount on the check, and gasps]
- Charity guy: Please, take the check, go have a great wedding and a wonderful life together. [line_index=13]
- Mike: Well, I mean... It sounds good to me. And that way we can save up, come back in a few years and make an even bigger donation. [line_index=14]
- Charity guy: Absolutely! And when you do, make sure you ask for Brian. [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: Oh, is that you? [line_index=16]
- Charity guy: No! [line_index=17]

## Scene s10e07_sc42 | Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are sitting in their living room when the phone rings
Description: Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are sitting in their living room when the phone rings.

- Monica: Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler... Ok, goodbye. [line_index=0; stage=hangs up]
- Chandler: Wrong number? [line_index=1]
- Monica: It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are officially on the waiting list. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: That's great! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's a baby waiting for us. Oh... [line_index=4; stage=Chandler and Monica hug and after a while the telephone rings again... Monica's eyes get bigger. Chandler answers.]
- Chandler: Hello...? Have you seen Joey's bat? [line_index=5]

## Scene s10e07_sc43 | The playground. Ross
Description: The playground. Ross, Rachel and Emma are still there. Rachel comes walking to Ross and Emma with something between her hands.

- Rachel: Ok... I got a spider. There were two, I picked the bigger one. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Ok... [line_index=1; emotions=anxiety; stage=nervously]
- Rachel: Ok... [line_index=2; stage=and passes the spider to Ross who holds it in between his hands]
- Ross: This feels perfectly normal. Ok, get on the swing! [line_index=3; stage=Gasps and speaks at a higher pitch]
- Rachel: Ok... O-k... [line_index=4; stage=reluctantly]

## Scene s10e07_sc44 | The playground. Ross
Description: She slowly grabs the chains of the swing, swings her hair back, and sits down.

- Rachel: Ok... [line_index=0; stage=more confident]

## Scene s10e07_sc45 | The playground. Ross
Description: She slowly walks forward and backward, to gain speed...

- Rachel: whoo... ok... wow... ok... OH! [line_index=0]
- Ross: See? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: A-alright! I can do this. [line_index=2]
- Ross: There you go! Good for you! And you know what, I'm actually getting used to this little guy. I don't really even feel him in here anymore. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: That's because he's on your neck. [line_index=4]
- Ross: Well... Whaa... aaah... aaahhh... [line_index=5; stage=realizes, screaming like a little girl, trying to get rid of the spider Ross is now preoccupied with the spider, and forgets that Rachel is still using the swing. While trying to get rid of the spider, he stands in front of Rachel, who bumps into him, throwing him on the ground again.]
- Rachel: ROSS! end [line_index=6; stage=Rachel tries to stop mid-swing, and the swing starts to turn from side to side]
- Chandler: Ok, ok, here we go. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Ok. [line_index=8]
- Chandler: Here we go. Stand up straight. Big smile. [line_index=9; emotions=joy; stage=smiling opens the door and both are smiling exaggeratedly]
- Phoebe: Hello, is this the creepy residence? [line_index=10]
- Monica: We’re waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I’m glad you’re here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this . I don’t know if you wanna use it, but… [line_index=11; stage=she puts a box on the table and opens it]
- Phoebe: Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won’t be needing a veil, I actually won’t be wearing a dress at all! [line_index=12]
- Monica: I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding! [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: No, no, no, we’re not having a big reception, we took the money we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity. [line_index=14]
- Monica: That’s crazy! . I am sorry. I just can’t imagine giving up my one wedding day like that! [line_index=15; stage=Phoebe looks bewildered]
- Phoebe: We, you know, we’re different! We don’t care about having a huge party. This is really nice for you, but, oh, please, I put this on? And, ow, I look , why, well, radiant. All right, well, who cares, I don’t need a pretty veil and a fancy dress. [line_index=16; stage=She picks up the veil she puts it on she looks her reflex image on a toaster pause]
- Monica: That’s right. You’re making a commitment and that’s the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it? [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: City Hall. [line_index=18]
- Monica: Ow! Oh, that sounds nice! I am just there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up! [line_index=19; stage=Chandler slaps her on her back]
- Phoebe: It’s ok, it’s ok. I made my decision. What I really want is a great big wedding [line_index=20; stage=she covers her mouth]
- Monica: Yay! [line_index=21]
- Chandler: But you already gave all your money to charity! [line_index=22]
- Phoebe: Well, I’ll just ask for it back! [line_index=23]
- Chandler: I don’t think you can do that! [line_index=24]
- Monica: Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some stupid kids! [line_index=25]
- Chandler: That’s sweet, honey, but save something for the adoption Lady. [line_index=26]

## Scene s10e07_sc46 | The playground. Ross put Emma on the swing and they’re ready to play
Description: The playground. Ross put Emma on the swing and they’re ready to play

- Rachel: Ok, careful. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Ok. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Careful, watch her hair. WATCH HER HAIR! [line_index=2]
- Ross: Rach, she’s got like three hairs! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: I know but they’re just so beautiful! Oh, my God, I just pulled one out. [line_index=4; stage=she touches Emma’s head]
- Ross: I promise you she’s safe! No watch how much she loves this. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Ok. [line_index=6]
- Ross (to Emma): Ready sweety? [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Ok. [line_index=8]
- Ross: Here we go! [line_index=9; stage=He starts pushing Emma]
- Rachel: Ok, careful, ok. Oh, she’s smiling! Oh my God, she does like it! [line_index=10; stage=Emma giggles]
- Ross: See, I told you! [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Awe! Oh my God! Looks, she’s a little dare-devil! Oh, let me push, can I push? [line_index=12; stage=Emma laughs]
- Ross: Oh, absolutely! [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Ok. Oh God. Get the camera, it’s in the diaper bag. [line_index=14; stage=To Ross]
- Ross: Ok! See? Scared of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly Ow! [line_index=15; stage=he takes the camera and walks backwards to take a shot a swinging boy knocks him down]

## Scene s10e07_sc47 | The New York City Children's fund
Description: The New York City Children's fund

- Mike: We’re seriously asking for our money back? [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: It’s for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight, because one of us gonna have to start flirting. [line_index=1]
- Charity guy: Wow! Are you here to make another donation the same day? I don’t think that that’s ever happened before. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe (to Mike): Gay, go. [line_index=3]
- Mike (to the charity guy): Oh my God, I love your shirt! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: The donation we made earlier, we k…, we w…, we want it back. [line_index=5]
- Charity guy: Excuse me? [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn’t want, but it turns out we do. [line_index=7]
- Charity guy: So you’re asking us to refund your donation to the children? [line_index=8]
- Mike: Yeah! This feels really good. [line_index=9]
- Phoebe: I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. [line_index=10]
- Charity guy: Hey, it’s not my business, besides it’s probably a good thing. We really would have been spoiling the children, all those food, and warm clothing… [line_index=11; stage=he takes their check from a drawer]
- Phoebe: Hey, that’s not fair! A person’s wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn’t have a graduation party! And I didn’t go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to “kill me” or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty little man make me feel badly about it. [line_index=12; stage=She storms out]
- Mike: She could have been talking about either one of us. [line_index=13]

## Scene s10e07_sc48 | Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door
Description: Monica’s apartment. Somebody knocks the door

- Laura: Hi, I am Laura, I am here for your adoption interview. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Hi, I am Monica and this is Chandler. Please come in. [line_index=1]
- Laura: Thank you! [line_index=2]
- Monica: Would you like something to drink? [line_index=3]
- Laura: Oh, water would be fine. [line_index=4]
- Monica: Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We’re really excited about getting this process started. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Oh, because we love kids. Love ‘em to death.Well, not actually to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount... as allowed by law. [line_index=6]
- Laura: Your place is just lovely. [line_index=7]
- Monica: Ah, thank you. This building does have a wholesome family feel to it. [line_index=8]
- Laura: You know, I... I feel like I've been here before. Are any other couples in the building adopting? [line_index=9]
- Monica: Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby before them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs. [line_index=10; stage=Laura looks shocked]
- Chandler: But other than that... wholesome, wholesome building. [line_index=11]
- Laura: Oh... [line_index=12]
- Chandler: What? [line_index=13]
- Laura: I just realized why I remember this place. [line_index=14]
- Monica: Really? What is it? [line_index=15]
- Laura: Oh, it's nothing. I went on a date with a guy who lived in this building and it didn't end very well. [line_index=16]
- Monica: Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani? [line_index=17]
- Laura: Yes! [line_index=18]
- Chandler: Of course it was! [line_index=19]
- Laura: Yeah, we had a really great night and in the morning he promised he would call me and he didn't. [line_index=20]
- Chandler: RAT BASTARD! [line_index=21]
- Laura: So you're not friends with him? [line_index=22]
- Chandler: OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! No! [line_index=23; stage=finally Monica concludes]
- Laura: Well, I'm sorry I brought it up. So, are either one of you planning on staying at home with your child... [line_index=24; stage=someone knocks on the door]
- Joey: Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity? OW! [line_index=25; stage=form the other side of the door He starts to enter the apartment and Chandler runs to the door and shuts it back in his face]
- Laura: What was that? [line_index=26]
- Chandler: Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great with kids though. [line_index=27]

## Scene s10e07_sc49 | Ross and Rachel are at the playground with Emma. Rachel in putting her back in the stroller and Ross is tending to his wound
Description: Ross and Rachel are at the playground with Emma. Rachel in putting her back in the stroller and Ross is tending to his wound

- Rachel: Oh, oh Ross, oh my God, are you okay? [line_index=0]
- Ross: SON OF A BITCH! Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word! [line_index=1; stage=turns to his right to see three kids staring at him To the kids They go away]
- Rachel: Ross, see! I told you, those swings are evil! Alright, that is it. That is the last time Emma is getting on one of those things for her entire life. [line_index=2]
- Ross: No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault and kind of that kids fault. Who is still laughing. Nice. [line_index=3; stage=point to the kid that kicked him]
- Rachel: Ross, c'mon, please. Can we just get out of here, before somebody else gets hurt? [line_index=4]
- Ross: No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the swing, okay? And you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: I know what this is all about... You've always been jealous of my hair. [line_index=6; stage=looks at him suspiciously]
- Ross: Look, I just think you're an adult, okay? And you should get over your silly fears. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Alright fine. I'll do it. [line_index=8]
- Ross: Good. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: If you hold a spider. [line_index=10]
- Ross: WHAT? WHERE? WHERE? [line_index=11; stage=He freaks out and starts jumping around brushing his sweater]
- Rachel: IF you hold a spider. [line_index=12]
- Ross: I know. [line_index=13; stage=Rachel bends down to Emma and Ross looks over his shoulder again, afraid]

## Scene s10e07_sc50 | Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler is still leaning against the door
Description: Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler is still leaning against the door, keeping Joey out, who is still banging and shouting on the other side.

- Joey: Guys? Everything ok? It's me, Joe... [line_index=0]
- Chandler: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA......AAAaaa-doption!! [line_index=1; stage=Screams to interrupt Joey]
- Laura: What's going on? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls. [line_index=3; stage=Joey bangs on the door again]
- Joey: Guys!? [line_index=4]
- Monica: Keep on roaming Bert! We don't want any crazy today! [line_index=5]
- Joey: What's going on? [line_index=6]
- Chandler: WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!! [line_index=7]

## Scene s10e07_sc51 | Chandler and Monica's apartment. Chandler is still leaning against the door
Description: cut to Joey on the other side, who finally leaves the door and goes to his apartment

- Joey: Everything doesn't sound fine! [line_index=0]
- Laura: Is he alright out there by himself? [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie. [line_index=2]
- Laura: Bert and Ernie! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: You can't make this stuff up! [line_index=4; emotions=anxiety; stage=nervous smile]

## Scene s10e07_sc52 | Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike enter
Description: Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike enter

- Mike: You never told me about that guy on your sweet sixteen. Oh, ugh. I'm sorry about that. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oh! It ended okay. One of my friends shot him. [line_index=1; stage=Lightly]
- Mike: Well, hey, at least you're getting a proper wedding. I mean, you really deserve that. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up. Just like the kids I took the money from. [line_index=3; stage=thinks for a few seconds]
- Mike: No! No, no. I see where this is going. Don't make me go back there. [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's tainted. [line_index=5]
- Mike: Alright, fine. We'll give the money back. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't shot anyone in a really long time. [line_index=7]

## Scene s10e07_sc53 | Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window
Description: Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window, Chandler and Monica are standing on either side of her, facing each other.

- Laura: Well, I must say, this seems like a lovely environment to raise a child in. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Oh, by the way, you are more than welcome to look under any of the furniture, because, believe me, you won't find any porn or cigarettes under there! [line_index=1]
- Laura: Oh! Well, actually, before we look around, let me make sure I have everything I need up to here... [line_index=2]

## Scene s10e07_sc54 | Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window
Description: She starts checking her form. Chandler sees movement near the window from the corner of his eye and when he looks he spots Joey climbing up the fire escape and onto their balcony. He warns Monica silently.

- Monica: Why don't I show you the baby's room? [line_index=0; stage=Pulls Laura into the spare room]

## Scene s10e07_sc55 | Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window
Description: Joey enters through the side window and jogs towards the kitchen holding a baseball bat

- Chandler: What the hell are you doing? [line_index=0]
- Joey: Well, you wouldn't let me in, so I thought you were in trouble. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Well, we're not. [line_index=2]
- Joey: But you called me 'Bert'!? That's our code word for danger! [line_index=3]
- Chandler: We don't have a code word. [line_index=4]
- Joey: We don't? We really should. From now on, 'Bert' will be our code word for danger. [line_index=5]

## Scene s10e07_sc56 | Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window
Description: Monica talks loudly in the baby's room

- Monica: So that was the baby's room. [line_index=0; stage=They come out and Chandler throws Joey behind the couch and puts his foot on him. Monica looks at Chandler]
- Monica: What room should we see next? [line_index=1; stage=To Chandler]
- Chandler: Any room that isn't behind this couch! [line_index=2; emotions=anxiety; stage=laughs nervously]
- Monica: Some people don't get him, but I think he's really funny! . [line_index=3; emotions=anxiety,confusion; stage=laughs nervously as well, Laura looks confused To Laura She takes Laura to their own bedroom]

## Scene s10e07_sc57 | Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window
Description: Joey gets up and look annoyed

- Joey: I did not care for that! [line_index=0; stage=quivering with anger]
- Chandler: You have to get out of here. You slept with our social worker and you never called her back and she is still pissed, so she can't see you. [line_index=1; stage=escorting Joey to the door]
- Joey: Ok, ok! [line_index=2; stage=He leaves]
- Chandler: Ok! [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e07_sc58 | Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window
Description: Joey leaves and closes the door behind him. Chandler walks towards the living room, but then Joey enters again.

- Chandler: What? [line_index=0]
- Joey: I forgot my bat. [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e07_sc59 | Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window
Description: He picks up his bat and holds it up, but then Monica and Laura enter the living room again. When Laura sees Joey, she freezes...

- Laura: Oh my God! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And we don't want to buy your bat! [line_index=1; stage=Joey lowers his bat]
- Laura: What are you doing here? [line_index=2]
- Joey: Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert! [line_index=3; stage=to Chandler]
- Laura: Are you friends with him? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: I can explain... Joey... [line_index=5]
- Joey: Uhm... ok... uhm... Well, yeah... You have got some nerve, coming back here. I can't believe you never called me. [line_index=6]
- Laura: Excuse me? [line_index=7]
- Joey: Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by the way. And don't bother telling me yours, because I totally remember it... lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me. [line_index=8]
- Laura: I gave you my number, you never called me. [line_index=9]
- Joey: No, no! Don't try to turn this around on me, ok? I'm not some kind of... social work, ok, that you can just... do. [line_index=10]
- Laura: Well, I'm pretty sure I gave you my number. [line_index=11; stage=embarrassed towards Chandler and Monica]
- Joey: Really? Think about it. Come on! You're a beautiful woman, smart, funny, we had a really good time, huh? If I had your number, why wouldn't I call you? [line_index=12]
- Laura: I don't know... Well, maybe I'm wrong... I'm sorry... [line_index=13]
- Joey: No, no, hey, no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? [line_index=14; stage=and he leaves the apartment, leaving her shocked]
- Laura: Joey, wait! [line_index=15]
- Joey: NO! I waited a long time, I can't wait anymore... [line_index=16; stage=acting sad and closes the door behind him]
- Laura: I'm sorry that you had to see that. I'm so embarrassed... [line_index=17; emotions=joy,anxiety; stage=laughing nervously]
- Chandler: Oh, that's really ok. [line_index=18]
- Monica: Yeah, that we totally understand. Dating is hard. [line_index=19]
- Laura: Boy, you people are nice... And I've got to say... I think you're going to make excellent parents. [line_index=20]

## Scene s10e07_sc60 | Monica and Chandler's. They are preparing to show Laura around. Laura is standing with her back to the window
Description: Chandler and Monica hug each other, and then Joey enters the apartment again.

- Joey: LAURA! [line_index=0; stage=and points to her, very confident]

## Scene s10e07_sc61 | The New York City Children's Fund building. Phoebe and Mike are entering
Description: The New York City Children's Fund building. Phoebe and Mike are entering.

- Phoebe: We're back! [line_index=0; stage=to the Charity guy]
- Charity guy: Are you here to take more money? Because, I think what you're looking for is an ATM. [line_index=1]
- Mike: No, no, we're here to give the money back. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Yeah, because you know what, it's... it's all about the children. [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e07_sc62 | The New York City Children's Fund building. Phoebe and Mike are entering
Description: the Charity guy smiles wanting to take the check, but Phoebe pulls it back again. His smile fades.

- Phoebe: Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here. No... Oh God... Oh! [line_index=0; stage=she gives the check and pulls it back again]
- Charity guy: If I haven't said so already sir, congratulations! [line_index=1; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastically pointing to Phoebe]
- Mike: Ok, look! Enough! Alright? I'm stepping in. I'm putting my foot down! As your future husband I'm going to make this decision for us. Now... what do you think we should do? [line_index=2; stage=takes the check from Phoebe thinking]
- Charity guy: You know what? It's not your decision anymore. [line_index=3]
- Mike: What? [line_index=4]
- Charity guy: On behalf of the Children of New York, I reject your money. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: But... but... but we're giving you this! [line_index=6]
- Charity guy: Yeah... And I'm giving it back to you... Come on! Consider it a contribution. [line_index=7; stage=gives the check to Phoebe]
- Phoebe: Well, this is very generous! [line_index=8; stage=looks at the amount on the check, and gasps]
- Charity guy: Please, take the check, go have a great wedding and a wonderful life together. [line_index=9]
- Mike: Well, I mean... It sounds good to me. And that way we can save up, come back in a few years and make an even bigger donation. [line_index=10]
- Charity guy: Absolutely! And when you do, make sure you ask for Brian. [line_index=11]
- Phoebe: Oh, is that you? [line_index=12]
- Charity guy: No! [line_index=13]

## Scene s10e07_sc63 | Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are sitting in their living room when the phone rings
Description: Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are sitting in their living room when the phone rings.

- Monica: Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler... Ok, goodbye. [line_index=0; stage=hangs up]
- Chandler: Wrong number? [line_index=1]
- Monica: It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are officially on the waiting list. [line_index=2]
- Chandler: That's great! [line_index=3]
- Monica: Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's a baby waiting for us. Oh... [line_index=4]

## Scene s10e07_sc64 | Chandler and Monica's apartment. They are sitting in their living room when the phone rings
Description: Chandler and Monica hug and after a while the telephone rings again... Monica's eyes get bigger. Chandler answers.

- Chandler: Hello...? Have you seen Joey's bat? [line_index=0]

## Scene s10e07_sc65 | The playground. Ross
Description: The playground. Ross, Rachel and Emma are still there. Rachel comes walking to Ross and Emma with something between her hands.

- Rachel: Ok... I got a spider. There were two, I picked the bigger one. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Ok... [line_index=1; emotions=anxiety; stage=nervously]
- Rachel: Ok... [line_index=2; stage=and passes the spider to Ross who holds it in between his hands]
- Ross: This feels perfectly normal. Ok, get on the swing! [line_index=3; stage=Gasps and speaks at a higher pitch]
- Rachel: Ok... O-k... [line_index=4; stage=reluctantly]

## Scene s10e07_sc66 | The playground. Ross
Description: She slowly grabs the chains of the swing, swings her hair back, and sits down.

- Rachel: Ok... [line_index=0; stage=more confident]

## Scene s10e07_sc67 | The playground. Ross
Description: She slowly walks forward and backward, to gain speed...

- Rachel: whoo... ok... wow... ok... OH! [line_index=0]
- Ross: See? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: A-alright! I can do this. [line_index=2]
- Ross: There you go! Good for you! And you know what, I'm actually getting used to this little guy. I don't really even feel him in here anymore. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: That's because he's on your neck. [line_index=4]
- Ross: Well... Whaa... aaah... aaahhh... [line_index=5; stage=realizes, screaming like a little girl, trying to get rid of the spider]

## Scene s10e07_sc68 | The playground. Ross
Description: Ross is now preoccupied with the spider, and forgets that Rachel is still using the swing. While trying to get rid of the spider, he stands in front of Rachel, who bumps into him, throwing him on the ground again.

- Rachel: ROSS! [line_index=0]

## Scene s10e07_sc69 | The playground. Ross
Description: Rachel tries to stop mid-swing, and the swing starts to turn from side to side
