---
episode_id: s10e04
title: Friends - 1004 - The One With The Cake
season: 10
episode: 4
---

# S10E04 Friends - 1004 - The One With The Cake

## Scene s10e04_sc01 | Unknown

- Produced by: Robert Carlock and Wendy Knoller [line_index=0]

## Scene s10e04_sc02 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk

- Monica: Hey guys! [line_index=0; stage=she enters]
- Ross, Rachel and Chandler: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Honey, I got us that room at the Woodford Inn this weekend. [line_index=2]
- Monica: That place in Vermont? You can take a hint! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Wait, you can't go away this weekend! It's Emma's birthday! [line_index=4]
- Ross: Yeah! [line_index=5]
- Rachel: We're having a party. [line_index=6]
- Monica: Well, can't you just have the party when we get back? [line_index=7]
- Ross: No. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: No, that day... that won't be her real birthday! [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Gee if only she were one and had no idea what the hell a birthday was! [line_index=10]
- Ross: C'mon you guys, this is really important to us. [line_index=11]
- Monica: Well, I'm sorry, but Chandler and I could really use a weekend away. You know, to reconnect... emotionally. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: There's this thing I really want us to do. I read about it in Maxim... [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Well, can't you just go to Vermont the next day? [line_index=14]
- Ross: Yeah, we want everyone to be there. As much as I hate to delay your doing weird sex stuff to my little sister. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: And I mean, you know, you guys... This is a big deal. I mean, how can we have her first birthday party without her aunt and her uncle! [line_index=16]
- Monica: All right, we'll stay. We can just drive up after the party. [line_index=17]
- Chandler: Fine, but if we end up not doing this Maxim thing because of this party... [line_index=18]
- Monica: Believe me, that is not why we won't be doing that! [line_index=19]

## Scene s10e04_sc03 | Rachel and Joey's apartment
Description: Rachel and Joey's apartment

- Rachel: You know Pheebs, when I was little, on my birthday, my daddy would hide a present in every room of the house, and then he would draw a treasure map to help me find 'em all. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oooh, I love family traditions like that. When uhm... when Ursula and I were kids, on our birthday, our stepdad would sell his blood to buy us food! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hey guys! [line_index=2; stage=he enters]
- Rachel and Phoebe: Hi! [line_index=3]
- Ross: Hey, I brought the camera for Emma's video. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Oh, good, good! We had this idea to make a birthday video for Emma and we'll give it to her when she is 18. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Oh, COOL!! Wow, it's like a time capsule! [line_index=6]
- Ross: Yeah! [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Oh, just think... she's gonna be watching that video on a TV that hasn't even been invented yet! With friends who right now are just like babies! And they'll be living in a floating city that the humans built to escape the ant people! [line_index=8]
- Ross: That's the hope! So, is Emma awake yet? [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Oh no, it's still nap time. But she'll be up soon. [line_index=10]
- Ross: Ah, and where is Joey? [line_index=11]
- Rachel: I said it's still nap time. [line_index=12]

## Scene s10e04_sc04 | Rachel and Joey's apartment
Description: Joey comes out from his room, yawning

- Ross: Hey, there is uncle Joey! [line_index=0; stage=taping Joey with the cam]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hey, say something to Emma on her 18th birthday! [line_index=2]
- Joey: 18, uh? [line_index=3; stage=starts to prepare himself to say his "How You Doin'" line]
- Ross: Joey, NO! [line_index=4]
- Joey: What, what!? it's for her hot friends! [line_index=5]
- Ross: When they see this you'll be 52! [line_index=6]
- Joey: And starting to think about settling down! [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Hey Joey, will you please set this up for people to put Emma's presents on? [line_index=8]
- Joey: I'd love to! Yeah! [line_index=9]
- Joey: We were supposed to bring presents? [line_index=10; stage=To Phoebe]
- Phoebe: Yeah! I wrote Emma a song. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Oh, yeah! How was I supposed to know? [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Joey, it's a birthday party. [line_index=13]
- Joey: Yeah, but for a one-year-old. What's the point... the other day she laughed for like an hour at a cup. Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it dressed as a farmer. And he's standing next to this cow and the cow says "El-moo"! Yeah... that's a funny cup! [line_index=14; emotions=joy; stage=Joey starts laughing]

## Scene s10e04_sc05 | Monica and Chandler enter
Description: Monica and Chandler enter

- Monica: Hey! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Hey hey! Where's the birthday girl? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh, she's still napping [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Oh, sure, she was probably up all night, excited about the party she knows is happening. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Look, I know that you guys really want to get to Vermont and this isn't a really big deal to you, but it really is to us, ok? Emma will never have a first birthday again. [line_index=4]
- Monica: All right... you're right. We're sorry. Now let's wake up Emma and get the fun time started! [line_index=5]
- Rachel: No really, she didn't sleep well last night, so we can't wake her up. [line_index=6]
- Monica: Are you freaking kidding me, Green? [line_index=7]

## Scene s10e04_sc06 | Monica and Chandler enter
Description: someone knocks on the door. Rachel goes to open it

- Jack and Judy: HI! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Hey! [line_index=1; stage=points the camcorder towards them to record their entrance]
- Monica: So glad you came! [line_index=2]
- Jack: I can't believe Emma is already one! [line_index=3]
- Judy: I remember your first birthday! Ross was jealous of all the attention we were giving you. He pulled on his testicles so hard! We had to take him to the emergency room! [line_index=4; stage=to Monica]
- Ross: There's something you didn't know about your dad! [line_index=5; stage=pointing the camcorder at himself]
- Joey: Hey Mr. and Mrs. Geller! Let me help you with that. [line_index=6]
- Jack: Thank you! [line_index=7]
- Joey: Oh man, this is great, uh? The three of us together again! You know what would be fun? If we gave this present to Emma from all of us! [line_index=8]
- Jack: Which one are you? [line_index=9]

## Scene s10e04_sc07 | Time lapse
Description: Time lapse

- Monica: I can't believe Emma is still asleep! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I know, what are we gonna do? [line_index=1]
- Monica: I've got a plan. I've got a plan. I'm going to ram this platter really hard into your ribs. You're gonna scream out and that'll wake her up! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: I'm not going to Vermont with this Monica! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Hey Pheebs, you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song, maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: So you’re gonna... hit on her? [line_index=5]
- Joey: No, no, no! My talents as an actor! [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Oh! [line_index=7]
- Joey: You know, I could like maybe... I could do a dramatic reading of one of her books! [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Or you could stick a fork in an apple! [line_index=9]
- Joey: Hey, I think Emma might like it! [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Oh! Emma might like what? [line_index=11]
- Joey: Um, my present! [line_index=12]
- Rachel: What did you get her? [line_index=13]
- Joey: Actually we prepared performances. [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: Separate performances. [line_index=15]
- Joey: But equally real! [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Well, this sounds like fun! Well, you know what? Actually? People are getting a little antsy waiting Emma to wake up from her nap, so would you mind performing them once now? [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: Sure, yeah! [line_index=18]
- Joey: O K. [line_index=19; stage=unconfidently]
- Rachel: All right, let’s get this party started, huh? Joey and Phoebe are gonna perform a little something for us. [line_index=20; stage=to everybody]
- Ross: Oh, great! [line_index=21]
- Phoebe: Are you gonna be embarrassed going up there having nothing prepared? [line_index=22; stage=to Joey]
- Joey: Hey, I do it every week with three cameras pointed at me and a whole crew waiting! [line_index=23]
- Rachel: So, Joey, what are you gonna do for us? [line_index=24]
- Joey: I will be doing a dramatic reading of one of Emma’s books. [line_index=25]
- Rachel: Oh, ok, which one? [line_index=26]
- Joey: Uh, why, it’s a... one of her favorites, uh, “Riding the Storm Out. Coping with post-partum depression” eesh! “Love you forever”. Love you forever. By Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly books. Printed in Mexico. A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, and while she held him she sang “I’ll love you forever, I’ll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you’ll be”. . And while he rocked her, he sang “I’ll love you forever, I’ll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you’ll be”. [line_index=27; stage=he picks a book up he reads the title of the book he puts the book back and picks up another he pauses and changes the tone to a dramatic one the picture fades and Joey is now finishing the book]
- Rachel: Wow! That was amazing! [line_index=28; emotions=sadness; stage=crying]
- Ross: Thank you so much for that gift! Chandler : I was not ready for this today! [line_index=29; stage=nearly weeping]
- Ross: Amazing... amazing. [line_index=30]
- Rachel: Oh, Phoebe, I’m sorry! Phoebe has prepared something as well. [line_index=31]
- Phoebe: That’s right, I've prepared a song for Emma. From my heart to hers. For there’s no greater gift, than the gift of music. Emma! Your name poses a dilemma. 'Cause not much else rhymes with Emma! Maybe the actor Richard Crenna, he played the commanding officer in Rambo. Happy birthday Emma! [line_index=32; stage=she starts singing]
- Rachel: Is that it? [line_index=33]
- Phoebe: No, of course not! I also, you know, prepared a reading . “Sex and the single mother. Finding your G-spot. Everybody : No, no, no, no, no! [line_index=34; stage=she picks up a book pause]

## Scene s10e04_sc08 | Joey’s Apartment. Ross is filming his parents
Description: Joey’s Apartment. Ross is filming his parents

- Judy: Hello Emma. Happy eighteenth birthday. [line_index=0]
- Jack: Right now that seems so far away, seventeen years. [line_index=1]
- Judy: Yes, you’ll be all grown up by then. We’ll be... Well your grandfather and I might not be here. [line_index=2]
- Jack: That’s true! This message could becoming to you from beyond the grave, Emma! [line_index=3]
- Judy: After all, my parents died very young. [line_index=4]
- Jack: And my cholesterol’s off the charts! [line_index=5]
- Judy: Remember, Emma, heart disease kills women too! Ross : Ok, cut! Great. That was... that was just... yeah! [line_index=6; stage=stops recording]
- Rachel: Ross, um, don’t forget to get a shot of Emma’s cake. It’s in a box in the fridge. [line_index=7]
- Ross: Sure. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Oh, you're gonna love this cake. I got it from a bakery in New Jersey, Corino’s. [line_index=9]
- Monica: Oh my God, that place has the creamiest frosting! I use to hitchhike there when I was a kid. [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Well, anyway, they make these great novelty cakes, in all different shapes, and if you give them a photo, they’ll copy it in icing! [line_index=11]
- Monica: Oh, did you do a picture of Emma? [line_index=12]
- Rachel: Yes! On a cake shaped like a bunny. [line_index=13]
- Ross: Uh, Rach? Does this bakery by any chance also bake erotic cakes? Say for bachelorette parties? [line_index=14]
- Rachel: Ross, what are you talking about? oh! Oh my God! They put my baby’s face on a penis! [line_index=15; stage=she sees the cake]
- Phoebe (sees the cake): oh! Now it’s a party! [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Why you guys this isn't funny, all right? If I wanted this cake to be a disaster I would have baked it myself! [line_index=17]
- Joey (staring at the cake): Uh.. is it ok that I still think it looks delicious? [line_index=18]
- Judy: Jack, look at this. [line_index=19; stage=to Jack]
- Jack: I know what you're thinking Judy, the resemblance is uncanny! [line_index=20]
- Ross: I am this close to tugging on my testicles again. [line_index=21]
- Rachel (on the phone): No, no, this is not what I ordered. Ok? I went all the way to New Jersey so that I could have the perfect cake for my daughter’s birthday and I need a bunny cake, right now! [line_index=22]
- Ross: Ask them if it would be faster if we cut the baby’s face off the penis, so we can put it on the bunny. . That is a weird sentence! [line_index=23; stage=pause]
- Rachel: Oh! Believe you me! I am going to bring this cake back, I don't even want it in my home... Joey, don't touch it!! [line_index=24; stage=Turns towards the cake and sees Joey trying to take a piece and yells at him]
- Joey: I'm so confused! [line_index=25]
- Rachel: Yes, yes. I still want my daughters picture, but on a bunny cake. Yellow cake, chocolate frosting with nuts! [line_index=26; stage=speaking to the person on the phone again]
- Chandler: To be fair this one does have nuts. [line_index=27]

## Scene s10e04_sc09 | Time lapse
Description: Time lapse


## Scene s10e04_sc10 | Time lapse
Description: Ross, Chandler and Monica are in the kitchen area

- Ross: Hey Mon, that was really nice of you to loan Rachel your car so she could go and get the cake. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Oh. So nice of her to pull my hair, 'till I dropped the key! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Well, you know what? While we're waiting, you guys could tape your message to Emma for her 18th birthday, huh? Ok! [line_index=2; stage=takes the camcorder and points it at Monica and Chandler]
- Chandler: Hi Emma! It's the year 2020. Are you still enjoying your nap? [line_index=3]
- Monica: We're Aunt Monica and uncle Chandler, by the way. You may not recognize us, because we haven't spoken to your parents in seventeen years! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: We used to be married, but then we missed a weekend away together and things kind of unraveled. Because of you! Happy Birthday. [line_index=5; stage=Ross looks disappointed and switches the camcorder off]
- Monica: Ross, Rachel promised it would be over by now. We seriously have to go, if we want to get to Vermont. I called them and the last train leaves in a half hour. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: And you know, I have a massage client soon. [line_index=7]
- Ross: You guys, just please.. a little bit longer. I promise, Rachel will be back with the cake any minute. Monica, remember.. the frosting? huh? [line_index=8]
- Monica: Alright, 5 more minutes. [line_index=9]

## Scene s10e04_sc11 | Time lapse
Description: The phone rings, Ross picks up

- Ross: Hello? Oh no! What happened? Ok ok, where are you? . Ok, I'll be right there. [line_index=0; stage=Into receiver listens listens some more Grabs a pen and starts writing Puts the phone down]
- Chandler: Was that Emma? Is she up? [line_index=1]
- Ross: No, Rachel got pulled over for speeding. She forgot her licence so now I have to bring it to her. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Well, if you're leaving, I'm definitely gonna go. [line_index=3]
- Monica: No! Wait! If anybody gets to go.. it's us We've been complaining the longest! [line_index=4; stage=Points at herself and Chandler]
- Ross: No, wait ! You guys, no, no, you can't leave! Rachel already feels bad that the cake's messed up. How do you think she's gonna feel when she comes back here and all you guys are gone? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: I don't know! You'll tell us on Monday! [line_index=6]
- Ross: Joey! You're in charge, ok? You make sure nobody leaves! [line_index=7; stage=leaves]
- Joey: Got it! Hey hey hey! Where do you think you're going? [line_index=8; stage=Goes towards the front door and stands with his back to it to Chandler]
- Chandler: To the bathroom! [line_index=9]
- Joey: Alright, well the rest of you get comfortable, ok, because we're gonna be here for a li... Wait a minute, there is a window in there! [line_index=10; stage=stops and thinks]
- Phoebe: Oh no! He's not getting away that easy! [line_index=11; stage=Phoebe and Joey run towards the bathroom and enter]
- Chandler: What are you doing? Get the hell out of here! [line_index=12; emotions=anger; stage=Yelling Phoebe and Joey come out looking shocked]
- Joey: Well, that one did not have Emma's face on it. [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: No, it did not. [line_index=14]
- Joey: No. [line_index=15]
- Judy: Well, we better get going, it's late. Jack's not allowed to drive at night anymore. He has trouble staying in his lane. [line_index=16]
- Jack: Last winter I went up on a church lawn and drove right through a manger scene. The papers thought it was a hate crime. [line_index=17]
- Judy: Anyway, it was lovely seeing you. [line_index=18]
- Joey: Ok! [line_index=19; stage=Opens the door for them]
- Judy: Bye... Bye dear. [line_index=20]
- Joey: Nighty-night! [line_index=21]
- Judy: Nighty-night! [line_index=22]
- Joey: Bye, bye. [line_index=23]
- Phoebe: Joey? How could you just let them leave? [line_index=24]
- Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey! I'm not gonna mess with Jack, he's a great man, he fought for our country. [line_index=25]
- Monica: No, he didn't! He pretended to be a Quaker to get out of Korea. [line_index=26]
- Joey: Oh! Well that's it! He's the last one to go. I'm locking you guys in. [line_index=27; stage=Shocked turns the bolts of the door, thereby locking it]
- Chandler: You do know, I can just turn them the other way around, right? [line_index=28]
- Joey: Oh! I forgot you used to live here! [line_index=29]

## Scene s10e04_sc12 | Time lapse
Description: The phone rings, Joey picks up

- Joey: Hello? [line_index=0]
- Estelle: Joey! It's Estelle! [line_index=1; stage=on the other side of the line]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=2; stage=smiles]
- Estelle: So, how did your audition go today? [line_index=3]
- Joey: What audition? [line_index=4; stage=smile fades]
- Estelle: The one I told you about last week? [line_index=5]
- Joey: What? You never said anything about an audition! [line_index=6]
- Estelle: Let me start over. I just got a call about an audition. I think you can still make it. It's down at the Astor Theatre and you need to have a monologue prepared. [line_index=7; emotions=confusion; stage=Looks confused]
- Joey: A monologue? I don't have.. I got it. Aah! so... I'm gonna take off! [line_index=8; stage=sees the book he was reading before for his "dramatic reading" hangs up announces to the room]
- Phoebe: Wh.. what? No wait, you don't get to leave! I've got a massage client waiting outside my door any minute! [line_index=9]
- Monica: Yeah, and we've paid for a room, that we're supposed to be in right now! [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Well, oh, ok now... Only one of us has to stay with Emma. Ok, and as the person who realized that, I get to go! [line_index=11]
- Monica: No! no! Let's figure out a fair way to decide who's staying. [line_index=12]
- Joey: Oh! I got it! Ok, everyone pick a number from one to ten. Alright? Whoever gets the highest number gets to go first. [line_index=13]
- Monica: Ok, ten. [line_index=14; stage=She gives Joey a you-are-so-stupid-look]
- Joey: Okay, Monica picks ten, I call nine! Anyone else? [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: No, lets just draw straws. [line_index=16]
- Joey: Or.. we could flip a coin, and then multiply the.. [line_index=17]
- Chandler: I'm begging you stop. [line_index=18]
- Joey: Right. [line_index=19]
- Ok, how about this: We got wind up toys for Emma for her birthday. We can make them race, and whoever comes in last, stays! [line_index=20]
- Phoebe: Yeah!! Let's do that! [line_index=21; emotions=joy; stage=Visibly excited]
- Chandler: That sounds more fun than the thing we were going to do in Vermont! [line_index=22; emotions=joy; stage=Also very excited]
- Monica: Everybody get your toys! [line_index=23; stage=They all run toward the table with toys]
- Phoebe: Ok! I want the dolphin! [line_index=24]
- Chandler: Thats a bear. [line_index=25]
- Phoebe: I'm too excited! [line_index=26]
- Monica: Phoebe, you get the bear, uhm, Joey, you get the robot, and Chandler and I get the dog. Ok, and the race is going to go from here to here. Now the one who comes in last, stays! [line_index=27; stage=Takes two cups and marks the start and finish lines with them]
- Joey: Ok, ladies and gentlemen, wind your toys! [line_index=28; stage=they do so]
- Chandler: Ok, on your mark... Get set... GO!!! [line_index=29]

## Scene s10e04_sc13 | Time lapse
Description: Monica, Phoebe and Joey release their wind-up toys.

- Phoebe: Go! Go! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Come on robot! [line_index=1; stage=Phoebe's bear takes the lead, followed by Joey's robot, and far behind is Chandler and Monica's dog, which walks a few paces, stops and starts barking, sits, walks again, and so on...]
- Monica: What are you barking at? [line_index=2; stage=to the dog While Phoebe's bear is still in the lead, it is now closely followed by Joey's robot. Chandler and Monica's dog however, sits down, barking... and does a backflip.]
- Monica: Wha... How the hell is that gonna help? [line_index=3]
- Chandler: I bought you. How did I forget that that's all you do? [line_index=4]

## Scene s10e04_sc14 | Time lapse
Description: Meanwhile the race has been won by Phoebe's bear, followed by Joey's robot

- Joey: Way to go robot! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Good job Alan! [line_index=1]
- Joey: Hey, good race you guys. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Yeah, see you later! [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e04_sc15 | Time lapse
Description: Joey and Phoebe leave for the door

- Monica: No! No, no... wait! We didn't lose. The rules clearly stated that the last one to cross the finish line was the loser. Well, our dog never crossed the finish line, so technically... [line_index=0; stage=turns to Chandler]
- Chandler: They left. [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e04_sc16 | Time lapse
Description: Monica turns to see the closed door.


## Scene s10e04_sc17 | The freeway. Rachel is driving Monica's Porsche
Description: The freeway. Rachel is driving Monica's Porsche, while using her mobile phone. Ross is sitting next to her.

- Rachel: No, there isn't time to go to the bakery. We're just gonna come home... Everybody left? Alright, well just tell Emma we're gonna be there as soon as we can. Bye... [line_index=0; stage=into the phone emotionally She hangs up, closes her phone, turns around and puts it in her bag which is in the back of the car. While doing this and not looking at the road, she turns the steering wheel by accident, which makes the car swerve.]
- Ross: RACHEL! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: OOH! God! Sorry! [line_index=2]
- Ross: I can't believe they gave you a ticket. You're such a good driver. [line_index=3; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastically]

## Scene s10e04_sc18 | The freeway. Rachel is driving Monica's Porsche
Description: Ross fastens his seat belt.

- Rachel: Emma's awake. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Yeah? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I can't believe this. This is her first birthday. She's awake. We're not even there. Everybody left. We still have this stupid obscene cake. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Hey, maybe I can fix that, you know. Try to turn it into something else. [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e04_sc19 | he opens the box
Description: he opens the box

- Rachel: Oh, why do you even bother? I already ruined her first birthday... And do you know how important these early experiences are Ross? Very! According to the back cover of that book that you gave me. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Rach, she's not going to remember this. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I guess... Oh, I just had such an idea of what this day would be like, you know? Emma laughing and everybody gathered around her cake singing "Happy Birthday". Then we would all go into... HEY GET OUT OF THE ROAD YOU STUPID STUDENT DRIVER!!! They have to learn! [line_index=2; emotions=anger; stage=shakes her head honks furiously, and Ross looks at her in disbelief and Rachel looks at him.]
- Ross: Hey! [line_index=3; stage=looks back at the cake]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=4]
- Ross: It's not bad. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Oh my God! Look what... you made it into a bunny. How did you do that? [line_index=6; stage=she looks at the cake]
- Ross: Well, I just made these two things uhm... cheeks. And then I split this to make ears. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Well, I'm very impressed. [line_index=8]
- Ross: Some can sing, some can dance. I apparently can turn phallic cakes into woodland creatures. [line_index=9]

## Scene s10e04_sc20 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler
Description: Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler, Monica and Emma are sitting on the floor, and Emma's stuffed animals are lined up in front of them.

- Monica: Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? [line_index=1]
- Monica: Game? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old, that's little. [line_index=3; stage=With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger and babbles...]
- Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl! [line_index=4]
- Monica: That's how old you are. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom? [line_index=6]
- Monica: Ooh, I want one... [line_index=7; stage=embraces Emma tightly]
- Chandler: Me too... [line_index=8]

## Scene s10e04_sc21 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler
Description: There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...

- Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? [line_index=0]
- Monica: ...and head to Canada! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I was kidding. [line_index=2]
- Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going! [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e04_sc22 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler
Description: Phoebe enters the apartment again.

- Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: No, not yet. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party. [line_index=2]
- Monica: What about your massage client? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something, you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. [line_index=4]

## Scene s10e04_sc23 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler
Description: Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.

- Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE TIME! [line_index=0]

## Scene s10e04_sc24 | Ross and Rachel enter
Description: Ross and Rachel enter.

- Joey: I've been here the whole time! [line_index=0; stage=to Ross and Rachel]
- Ross: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks you guys! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? [line_index=5; stage=holds up his index finger again]
- Emma: Wo-ish. [line_index=6; stage=and holds up her finger]

## Scene s10e04_sc25 | Ross and Rachel gasp
Description: Ross and Rachel gasp

- Rachel: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means... [line_index=1]
- Rachel: NO, no science camp! [line_index=2; stage=angrily]
- Ross: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly! [line_index=4]
- Monica: Thanks! [line_index=5]
- Ross: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow out the candle. Come on Emma. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Let's do it, come on! [line_index=7]

## Scene s10e04_sc26 | Ross and Rachel gasp
Description: Rachel wipes away some tears.

- Ross: What's wrong? Are you okay? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Hey, you made it into a bunny. [line_index=2; stage=pointing at cake]
- Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it was a penis. ENDING CREDITS [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e04_sc27 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel. They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front of the camera
Description: Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel. They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front of the camera.

- Rachel: Okay. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Okay, you ready? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=2]
- Ross: A-a-and... record. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Okay. Hi Emma. Well, your first birthday is over, and it was really... [line_index=4; emotions=anger; stage=they both look into the camera, and Ross waves. There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler, Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming fanatically.]
- Phoebe: Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard! end [line_index=5; emotions=anger; stage=yelling at the top of her voice]

## Scene s10e04_sc28 | Central Perk
Description: Central Perk

- Monica: Hey guys! [line_index=0; stage=she enters]
- Ross, Rachel and Chandler: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Honey, I got us that room at the Woodford Inn this weekend. [line_index=2]
- Monica: That place in Vermont? You can take a hint! [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Wait, you can't go away this weekend! It's Emma's birthday! [line_index=4]
- Ross: Yeah! [line_index=5]
- Rachel: We're having a party. [line_index=6]
- Monica: Well, can't you just have the party when we get back? [line_index=7]
- Ross: No. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: No, that day... that won't be her real birthday! [line_index=9]
- Chandler: Gee if only she were one and had no idea what the hell a birthday was! [line_index=10]
- Ross: C'mon you guys, this is really important to us. [line_index=11]
- Monica: Well, I'm sorry, but Chandler and I could really use a weekend away. You know, to reconnect... emotionally. [line_index=12]
- Chandler: There's this thing I really want us to do. I read about it in Maxim... [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Well, can't you just go to Vermont the next day? [line_index=14]
- Ross: Yeah, we want everyone to be there. As much as I hate to delay your doing weird sex stuff to my little sister. [line_index=15]
- Rachel: And I mean, you know, you guys... This is a big deal. I mean, how can we have her first birthday party without her aunt and her uncle! [line_index=16]
- Monica: All right, we'll stay. We can just drive up after the party. [line_index=17]
- Chandler: Fine, but if we end up not doing this Maxim thing because of this party... [line_index=18]
- Monica: Believe me, that is not why we won't be doing that! [line_index=19]

## Scene s10e04_sc29 | Rachel and Joey's apartment
Description: Rachel and Joey's apartment

- Rachel: You know Pheebs, when I was little, on my birthday, my daddy would hide a present in every room of the house, and then he would draw a treasure map to help me find 'em all. [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Oooh, I love family traditions like that. When uhm... when Ursula and I were kids, on our birthday, our stepdad would sell his blood to buy us food! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hey guys! [line_index=2; stage=he enters]
- Rachel and Phoebe: Hi! [line_index=3]
- Ross: Hey, I brought the camera for Emma's video. [line_index=4]
- Rachel: Oh, good, good! We had this idea to make a birthday video for Emma and we'll give it to her when she is 18. [line_index=5]
- Phoebe: Oh, COOL!! Wow, it's like a time capsule! [line_index=6]
- Ross: Yeah! [line_index=7]
- Phoebe: Oh, just think... she's gonna be watching that video on a TV that hasn't even been invented yet! With friends who right now are just like babies! And they'll be living in a floating city that the humans built to escape the ant people! [line_index=8]
- Ross: That's the hope! So, is Emma awake yet? [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Oh no, it's still nap time. But she'll be up soon. [line_index=10]
- Ross: Ah, and where is Joey? [line_index=11]
- Rachel: I said it's still nap time. [line_index=12]

## Scene s10e04_sc30 | Rachel and Joey's apartment
Description: Joey comes out from his room, yawning

- Ross: Hey, there is uncle Joey! [line_index=0; stage=taping Joey with the cam]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Hey, say something to Emma on her 18th birthday! [line_index=2]
- Joey: 18, uh? [line_index=3; stage=starts to prepare himself to say his "How You Doin'" line]
- Ross: Joey, NO! [line_index=4]
- Joey: What, what!? it's for her hot friends! [line_index=5]
- Ross: When they see this you'll be 52! [line_index=6]
- Joey: And starting to think about settling down! [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Hey Joey, will you please set this up for people to put Emma's presents on? [line_index=8]
- Joey: I'd love to! Yeah! [line_index=9]
- Joey: We were supposed to bring presents? [line_index=10; stage=To Phoebe]
- Phoebe: Yeah! I wrote Emma a song. [line_index=11]
- Joey: Oh, yeah! How was I supposed to know? [line_index=12]
- Phoebe: Joey, it's a birthday party. [line_index=13]
- Joey: Yeah, but for a one-year-old. What's the point... the other day she laughed for like an hour at a cup. Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it dressed as a farmer. And he's standing next to this cow and the cow says "El-moo"! Yeah... that's a funny cup! [line_index=14; emotions=joy; stage=Joey starts laughing]

## Scene s10e04_sc31 | Monica and Chandler enter
Description: Monica and Chandler enter

- Monica: Hey! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: Hey hey! Where's the birthday girl? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Oh, she's still napping [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Oh, sure, she was probably up all night, excited about the party she knows is happening. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Look, I know that you guys really want to get to Vermont and this isn't a really big deal to you, but it really is to us, ok? Emma will never have a first birthday again. [line_index=4]
- Monica: All right... you're right. We're sorry. Now let's wake up Emma and get the fun time started! [line_index=5]
- Rachel: No really, she didn't sleep well last night, so we can't wake her up. [line_index=6]
- Monica: Are you freaking kidding me, Green? [line_index=7]

## Scene s10e04_sc32 | Monica and Chandler enter
Description: someone knocks on the door. Rachel goes to open it

- Jack and Judy: HI! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Hey! [line_index=1; stage=points the camcorder towards them to record their entrance]
- Monica: So glad you came! [line_index=2]
- Jack: I can't believe Emma is already one! [line_index=3]
- Judy: I remember your first birthday! Ross was jealous of all the attention we were giving you. He pulled on his testicles so hard! We had to take him to the emergency room! [line_index=4; stage=to Monica]
- Ross: There's something you didn't know about your dad! [line_index=5; stage=pointing the camcorder at himself]
- Joey: Hey Mr. and Mrs. Geller! Let me help you with that. [line_index=6]
- Jack: Thank you! [line_index=7]
- Joey: Oh man, this is great, uh? The three of us together again! You know what would be fun? If we gave this present to Emma from all of us! [line_index=8]
- Jack: Which one are you? [line_index=9]

## Scene s10e04_sc33 | Time lapse
Description: Time lapse

- Monica: I can't believe Emma is still asleep! [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I know, what are we gonna do? [line_index=1]
- Monica: I've got a plan. I've got a plan. I'm going to ram this platter really hard into your ribs. You're gonna scream out and that'll wake her up! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: I'm not going to Vermont with this Monica! [line_index=3]
- Joey: Hey Pheebs, you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song, maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents! [line_index=4]
- Phoebe: So you’re gonna... hit on her? [line_index=5]
- Joey: No, no, no! My talents as an actor! [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: Oh! [line_index=7]
- Joey: You know, I could like maybe... I could do a dramatic reading of one of her books! [line_index=8]
- Phoebe: Or you could stick a fork in an apple! [line_index=9]
- Joey: Hey, I think Emma might like it! [line_index=10]
- Rachel: Oh! Emma might like what? [line_index=11]
- Joey: Um, my present! [line_index=12]
- Rachel: What did you get her? [line_index=13]
- Joey: Actually we prepared performances. [line_index=14]
- Phoebe: Separate performances. [line_index=15]
- Joey: But equally real! [line_index=16]
- Rachel: Well, this sounds like fun! Well, you know what? Actually? People are getting a little antsy waiting Emma to wake up from her nap, so would you mind performing them once now? [line_index=17]
- Phoebe: Sure, yeah! [line_index=18]
- Joey: O K. [line_index=19; stage=unconfidently]
- Rachel: All right, let’s get this party started, huh? Joey and Phoebe are gonna perform a little something for us. [line_index=20; stage=to everybody]
- Ross: Oh, great! [line_index=21]
- Phoebe: Are you gonna be embarrassed going up there having nothing prepared? [line_index=22; stage=to Joey]
- Joey: Hey, I do it every week with three cameras pointed at me and a whole crew waiting! [line_index=23]
- Rachel: So, Joey, what are you gonna do for us? [line_index=24]
- Joey: I will be doing a dramatic reading of one of Emma’s books. [line_index=25]
- Rachel: Oh, ok, which one? [line_index=26]
- Joey: Uh, why, it’s a... one of her favorites, uh, “Riding the Storm Out. Coping with post-partum depression” eesh! “Love you forever”. Love you forever. By Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly books. Printed in Mexico. A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, and while she held him she sang “I’ll love you forever, I’ll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you’ll be”. . And while he rocked her, he sang “I’ll love you forever, I’ll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you’ll be”. [line_index=27; stage=he picks a book up he reads the title of the book he puts the book back and picks up another he pauses and changes the tone to a dramatic one the picture fades and Joey is now finishing the book]
- Rachel: Wow! That was amazing! [line_index=28; emotions=sadness; stage=crying]
- Ross: Thank you so much for that gift! [line_index=29]
- Chandler (nearly weeping): I was not ready for this today! [line_index=30]
- Ross: Amazing... amazing. [line_index=31]
- Rachel: Oh, Phoebe, I’m sorry! Phoebe has prepared something as well. [line_index=32]
- Phoebe: That’s right, I've prepared a song for Emma. From my heart to hers. For there’s no greater gift, than the gift of music. Emma! Your name poses a dilemma. 'Cause not much else rhymes with Emma! Maybe the actor Richard Crenna, he played the commanding officer in Rambo. Happy birthday Emma! [line_index=33; stage=she starts singing]
- Rachel: Is that it? [line_index=34]
- Phoebe: No, of course not! I also, you know, prepared a reading . “Sex and the single mother. Finding your G-spot. [line_index=35; stage=she picks up a book pause]
- Everybody: No, no, no, no, no! [line_index=36]

## Scene s10e04_sc34 | Joey’s Apartment. Ross is filming his parents
Description: Joey’s Apartment. Ross is filming his parents

- Judy: Hello Emma. Happy eighteenth birthday. [line_index=0]
- Jack: Right now that seems so far away, seventeen years. [line_index=1]
- Judy: Yes, you’ll be all grown up by then. We’ll be... Well your grandfather and I might not be here. [line_index=2]
- Jack: That’s true! This message could becoming to you from beyond the grave, Emma! [line_index=3]
- Judy: After all, my parents died very young. [line_index=4]
- Jack: And my cholesterol’s off the charts! [line_index=5]
- Judy: Remember, Emma, heart disease kills women too! [line_index=6]
- Ross (stops recording): Ok, cut! Great. That was... that was just... yeah! [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Ross, um, don’t forget to get a shot of Emma’s cake. It’s in a box in the fridge. [line_index=8]
- Ross: Sure. [line_index=9]
- Rachel: Oh, you're gonna love this cake. I got it from a bakery in New Jersey, Corino’s. [line_index=10]
- Monica: Oh my God, that place has the creamiest frosting! I use to hitchhike there when I was a kid. [line_index=11]
- Rachel: Well, anyway, they make these great novelty cakes, in all different shapes, and if you give them a photo, they’ll copy it in icing! [line_index=12]
- Monica: Oh, did you do a picture of Emma? [line_index=13]
- Rachel: Yes! On a cake shaped like a bunny. [line_index=14]
- Ross: Uh, Rach? Does this bakery by any chance also bake erotic cakes? Say for bachelorette parties? [line_index=15]
- Rachel: Ross, what are you talking about? oh! Oh my God! They put my baby’s face on a penis! [line_index=16; stage=she sees the cake]
- Phoebe (sees the cake): oh! Now it’s a party! [line_index=17]
- Rachel: Why you guys this isn't funny, all right? If I wanted this cake to be a disaster I would have baked it myself! [line_index=18]
- Joey (staring at the cake): Uh.. is it ok that I still think it looks delicious? [line_index=19]
- Judy: Jack, look at this. [line_index=20; stage=to Jack]
- Jack: I know what you're thinking Judy, the resemblance is uncanny! [line_index=21]
- Ross: I am this close to tugging on my testicles again. [line_index=22]
- Rachel (on the phone): No, no, this is not what I ordered. Ok? I went all the way to New Jersey so that I could have the perfect cake for my daughter’s birthday and I need a bunny cake, right now! [line_index=23]
- Ross: Ask them if it would be faster if we cut the baby’s face off the penis, so we can put it on the bunny. . That is a weird sentence! [line_index=24; stage=pause]
- Rachel: Oh! Believe you me! I am going to bring this cake back, I don't even want it in my home... Joey, don't touch it!! [line_index=25; stage=Turns towards the cake and sees Joey trying to take a piece and yells at him]
- Joey: I'm so confused! [line_index=26]
- Rachel: Yes, yes. I still want my daughters picture, but on a bunny cake. Yellow cake, chocolate frosting with nuts! [line_index=27; stage=speaking to the person on the phone again]
- Chandler: To be fair this one does have nuts. [line_index=28]

## Scene s10e04_sc35 | Time lapse
Description: Time lapse


## Scene s10e04_sc36 | Time lapse
Description: Ross, Chandler and Monica are in the kitchen area

- Ross: Hey Mon, that was really nice of you to loan Rachel your car so she could go and get the cake. [line_index=0]
- Monica: Oh. So nice of her to pull my hair, 'till I dropped the key! [line_index=1]
- Ross: Well, you know what? While we're waiting, you guys could tape your message to Emma for her 18th birthday, huh? Ok! [line_index=2; stage=takes the camcorder and points it at Monica and Chandler]
- Chandler: Hi Emma! It's the year 2020. Are you still enjoying your nap? [line_index=3]
- Monica: We're Aunt Monica and uncle Chandler, by the way. You may not recognize us, because we haven't spoken to your parents in seventeen years! [line_index=4]
- Chandler: We used to be married, but then we missed a weekend away together and things kind of unraveled. Because of you! Happy Birthday. [line_index=5; stage=Ross looks disappointed and switches the camcorder off]
- Monica: Ross, Rachel promised it would be over by now. We seriously have to go, if we want to get to Vermont. I called them and the last train leaves in a half hour. [line_index=6]
- Phoebe: And you know, I have a massage client soon. [line_index=7]
- Ross: You guys, just please.. a little bit longer. I promise, Rachel will be back with the cake any minute. Monica, remember.. the frosting? huh? [line_index=8]
- Monica: Alright, 5 more minutes. [line_index=9]

## Scene s10e04_sc37 | Time lapse
Description: The phone rings, Ross picks up

- Ross: Hello? Oh no! What happened? Ok ok, where are you? . Ok, I'll be right there. [line_index=0; stage=Into receiver listens listens some more Grabs a pen and starts writing Puts the phone down]
- Chandler: Was that Emma? Is she up? [line_index=1]
- Ross: No, Rachel got pulled over for speeding. She forgot her licence so now I have to bring it to her. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Well, if you're leaving, I'm definitely gonna go. [line_index=3]
- Monica: No! Wait! If anybody gets to go.. it's us We've been complaining the longest! [line_index=4; stage=Points at herself and Chandler]
- Ross: No, wait ! You guys, no, no, you can't leave! Rachel already feels bad that the cake's messed up. How do you think she's gonna feel when she comes back here and all you guys are gone? [line_index=5]
- Chandler: I don't know! You'll tell us on Monday! [line_index=6]
- Ross: Joey! You're in charge, ok? You make sure nobody leaves! [line_index=7; stage=leaves]
- Joey: Got it! Hey hey hey! Where do you think you're going? [line_index=8; stage=Goes towards the front door and stands with his back to it to Chandler]
- Chandler: To the bathroom! [line_index=9]
- Joey: Alright, well the rest of you get comfortable, ok, because we're gonna be here for a li... Wait a minute, there is a window in there! [line_index=10; stage=stops and thinks]
- Phoebe: Oh no! He's not getting away that easy! [line_index=11; stage=Phoebe and Joey run towards the bathroom and enter]
- Chandler: What are you doing? Get the hell out of here! [line_index=12; emotions=anger; stage=Yelling Phoebe and Joey come out looking shocked]
- Joey: Well, that one did not have Emma's face on it. [line_index=13]
- Phoebe: No, it did not. [line_index=14]
- Joey: No. [line_index=15]
- Judy: Well, we better get going, it's late. Jack's not allowed to drive at night anymore. He has trouble staying in his lane. [line_index=16]
- Jack: Last winter I went up on a church lawn and drove right through a manger scene. The papers thought it was a hate crime. [line_index=17]
- Judy: Anyway, it was lovely seeing you. [line_index=18]
- Joey: Ok! [line_index=19; stage=Opens the door for them]
- Judy: Bye... Bye dear. [line_index=20]
- Joey: Nighty-night! [line_index=21]
- Judy: Nighty-night! [line_index=22]
- Joey: Bye, bye. [line_index=23]
- Phoebe: Joey? How could you just let them leave? [line_index=24]
- Joey: Hey, hey, hey, hey! I'm not gonna mess with Jack, he's a great man, he fought for our country. [line_index=25]
- Monica: No, he didn't! He pretended to be a Quaker to get out of Korea. [line_index=26]
- Joey: Oh! Well that's it! He's the last one to go. I'm locking you guys in. [line_index=27; stage=Shocked turns the bolts of the door, thereby locking it]
- Chandler: You do know, I can just turn them the other way around, right? [line_index=28]
- Joey: Oh! I forgot you used to live here! [line_index=29]

## Scene s10e04_sc38 | Time lapse
Description: The phone rings, Joey picks up

- Joey: Hello? [line_index=0]
- Estelle: Joey! It's Estelle! [line_index=1; stage=on the other side of the line]
- Joey: Hey! [line_index=2; stage=smiles]
- Estelle: So, how did your audition go today? [line_index=3]
- Joey: What audition? [line_index=4; stage=smile fades]
- Estelle: The one I told you about last week? [line_index=5]
- Joey: What? You never said anything about an audition! [line_index=6]
- Estelle: Let me start over. I just got a call about an audition. I think you can still make it. It's down at the Astor Theatre and you need to have a monologue prepared. [line_index=7; emotions=confusion; stage=Looks confused]
- Joey: A monologue? I don't have.. I got it. Aah! so... I'm gonna take off! [line_index=8; stage=sees the book he was reading before for his "dramatic reading" hangs up announces to the room]
- Phoebe: Wh.. what? No wait, you don't get to leave! I've got a massage client waiting outside my door any minute! [line_index=9]
- Monica: Yeah, and we've paid for a room, that we're supposed to be in right now! [line_index=10]
- Phoebe: Well, oh, ok now... Only one of us has to stay with Emma. Ok, and as the person who realized that, I get to go! [line_index=11]
- Monica: No! no! Let's figure out a fair way to decide who's staying. [line_index=12]
- Joey: Oh! I got it! Ok, everyone pick a number from one to ten. Alright? Whoever gets the highest number gets to go first. [line_index=13]
- Monica: Ok, ten. [line_index=14; stage=She gives Joey a you-are-so-stupid-look]
- Joey: Okay, Monica picks ten, I call nine! Anyone else? [line_index=15]
- Phoebe: No, lets just draw straws. [line_index=16]
- Joey: Or.. we could flip a coin, and then multiply the.. [line_index=17]
- Chandler: I'm begging you stop. [line_index=18]
- Joey: Right. [line_index=19]
- Ok, how about this: We got wind up toys for Emma for her birthday. We can make them race, and whoever comes in last, stays! [line_index=20]
- Phoebe: Yeah!! Let's do that! [line_index=21; emotions=joy; stage=Visibly excited]
- Chandler: That sounds more fun than the thing we were going to do in Vermont! [line_index=22; emotions=joy; stage=Also very excited]
- Monica: Everybody get your toys! [line_index=23; stage=They all run toward the table with toys]
- Phoebe: Ok! I want the dolphin! [line_index=24]
- Chandler: Thats a bear. [line_index=25]
- Phoebe: I'm too excited! [line_index=26]
- Monica: Phoebe, you get the bear, uhm, Joey, you get the robot, and Chandler and I get the dog. Ok, and the race is going to go from here to here. Now the one who comes in last, stays! [line_index=27; stage=Takes two cups and marks the start and finish lines with them]
- Joey: Ok, ladies and gentlemen, wind your toys! [line_index=28; stage=they do so]
- Chandler: Ok, on your mark... Get set... GO!!! [line_index=29]

## Scene s10e04_sc39 | Time lapse
Description: Monica, Phoebe and Joey release their wind-up toys.

- Phoebe: Go! Go! [line_index=0]
- Joey: Come on robot! [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e04_sc40 | Time lapse
Description: Phoebe's bear takes the lead, followed by Joey's robot, and far behind is Chandler and Monica's dog, which walks a few paces, stops and starts barking, sits, walks again, and so on...

- Monica: What are you barking at? [line_index=0; stage=to the dog]

## Scene s10e04_sc41 | Time lapse
Description: While Phoebe's bear is still in the lead, it is now closely followed by Joey's robot. Chandler and Monica's dog however, sits down, barking... and does a backflip.

- Monica: Wha... How the hell is that gonna help? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I bought you. How did I forget that that's all you do? [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e04_sc42 | Time lapse
Description: Meanwhile the race has been won by Phoebe's bear, followed by Joey's robot

- Joey: Way to go robot! [line_index=0]
- Phoebe: Good job Alan! [line_index=1]
- Joey: Hey, good race you guys. [line_index=2]
- Phoebe: Yeah, see you later! [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e04_sc43 | Time lapse
Description: Joey and Phoebe leave for the door

- Monica: No! No, no... wait! We didn't lose. The rules clearly stated that the last one to cross the finish line was the loser. Well, our dog never crossed the finish line, so technically... [line_index=0; stage=turns to Chandler]
- Chandler: They left. [line_index=1]

## Scene s10e04_sc44 | Time lapse
Description: Monica turns to see the closed door.


## Scene s10e04_sc45 | The freeway. Rachel is driving Monica's Porsche
Description: The freeway. Rachel is driving Monica's Porsche, while using her mobile phone. Ross is sitting next to her.

- Rachel: No, there isn't time to go to the bakery. We're just gonna come home... Everybody left? Alright, well just tell Emma we're gonna be there as soon as we can. Bye... [line_index=0; stage=into the phone emotionally She hangs up, closes her phone, turns around and puts it in her bag which is in the back of the car. While doing this and not looking at the road, she turns the steering wheel by accident, which makes the car swerve.]
- Ross: RACHEL! [line_index=1]
- Rachel: OOH! God! Sorry! [line_index=2]
- Ross: I can't believe they gave you a ticket. You're such a good driver. [line_index=3; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastically]

## Scene s10e04_sc46 | The freeway. Rachel is driving Monica's Porsche
Description: Ross fastens his seat belt.

- Rachel: Emma's awake. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Yeah? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I can't believe this. This is her first birthday. She's awake. We're not even there. Everybody left. We still have this stupid obscene cake. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Hey, maybe I can fix that, you know. Try to turn it into something else. [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e04_sc47 | he opens the box
Description: he opens the box

- Rachel: Oh, why do you even bother? I already ruined her first birthday... And do you know how important these early experiences are Ross? Very! According to the back cover of that book that you gave me. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Rach, she's not going to remember this. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I guess... Oh, I just had such an idea of what this day would be like, you know? Emma laughing and everybody gathered around her cake singing "Happy Birthday". Then we would all go into... HEY GET OUT OF THE ROAD YOU STUPID STUDENT DRIVER!!! They have to learn! [line_index=2; emotions=anger; stage=shakes her head honks furiously, and Ross looks at her in disbelief and Rachel looks at him.]
- Ross: Hey! [line_index=3; stage=looks back at the cake]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=4]
- Ross: It's not bad. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Oh my God! Look what... you made it into a bunny. How did you do that? [line_index=6; stage=she looks at the cake]
- Ross: Well, I just made these two things uhm... cheeks. And then I split this to make ears. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Well, I'm very impressed. [line_index=8]
- Ross: Some can sing, some can dance. I apparently can turn phallic cakes into woodland creatures. [line_index=9]

## Scene s10e04_sc48 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler
Description: Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler, Monica and Emma are sitting on the floor, and Emma's stuffed animals are lined up in front of them.

- Monica: Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? [line_index=1]
- Monica: Game? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old, that's little. [line_index=3; stage=With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger and babbles...]
- Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl! [line_index=4]
- Monica: That's how old you are. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom? [line_index=6]
- Monica: Ooh, I want one... [line_index=7; stage=embraces Emma tightly]
- Chandler: Me too... [line_index=8]

## Scene s10e04_sc49 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler
Description: There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...

- Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? [line_index=0]
- Monica: ...and head to Canada! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I was kidding. [line_index=2]
- Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going! [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e04_sc50 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler
Description: Phoebe enters the apartment again.

- Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: No, not yet. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party. [line_index=2]
- Monica: What about your massage client? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something, you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. [line_index=4]

## Scene s10e04_sc51 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler
Description: Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.

- Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE TIME! [line_index=0]

## Scene s10e04_sc52 | Ross and Rachel enter
Description: Ross and Rachel enter.

- Joey: I've been here the whole time! [line_index=0; stage=to Ross and Rachel]
- Ross: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks you guys! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? [line_index=5; stage=holds up his index finger again]
- Emma: Wo-ish. [line_index=6; stage=and holds up her finger]

## Scene s10e04_sc53 | Ross and Rachel gasp
Description: Ross and Rachel gasp

- Rachel: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means... [line_index=1]
- Rachel: NO, no science camp! [line_index=2; stage=angrily]
- Ross: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly! [line_index=4]
- Monica: Thanks! [line_index=5]
- Ross: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow out the candle. Come on Emma. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Let's do it, come on! [line_index=7]

## Scene s10e04_sc54 | Ross and Rachel gasp
Description: Rachel wipes away some tears.

- Ross: What's wrong? Are you okay? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Hey, you made it into a bunny. [line_index=2; stage=pointing at cake]
- Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it was a penis. ENDING CREDITS [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e04_sc55 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel. They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front of the camera
Description: Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel. They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front of the camera.

- Rachel: Okay. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Okay, you ready? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=2]
- Ross: A-a-and... record. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Okay. Hi Emma. Well, your first birthday is over, and it was really... [line_index=4; emotions=anger; stage=they both look into the camera, and Ross waves. There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler, Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming fanatically.]
- Phoebe: Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard! end [line_index=5; emotions=anger; stage=yelling at the top of her voice]

## Scene s10e04_sc56 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel. They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front of the camera
Description: She hangs up, closes her phone, turns around and puts it in her bag which is in the back of the car. While doing this and not looking at the road, she turns the steering wheel by accident, which makes the car swerve.

- Ross: RACHEL! [line_index=0]
- Rachel: OOH! God! Sorry! [line_index=1]
- Ross: I can't believe they gave you a ticket. You're such a good driver. [line_index=2; emotions=sarcasm; stage=sarcastically]

## Scene s10e04_sc57 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel. They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front of the camera
Description: Ross fastens his seat belt.

- Rachel: Emma's awake. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Yeah? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I can't believe this. This is her first birthday. She's awake. We're not even there. Everybody left. We still have this stupid obscene cake. [line_index=2]
- Ross: Hey, maybe I can fix that, you know. Try to turn it into something else. [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e04_sc58 | he opens the box
Description: he opens the box

- Rachel: Oh, why do you even bother? I already ruined her first birthday... And do you know how important these early experiences are Ross? Very! According to the back cover of that book that you gave me. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Rach, she's not going to remember this. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I guess... Oh, I just had such an idea of what this day would be like, you know? Emma laughing and everybody gathered around her cake singing "Happy Birthday". Then we would all go into... HEY GET OUT OF THE ROAD YOU STUPID STUDENT DRIVER!!! They have to learn! [line_index=2; emotions=anger; stage=shakes her head honks furiously, and Ross looks at her in disbelief and Rachel looks at him.]
- Ross: Hey! [line_index=3; stage=looks back at the cake]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=4]
- Ross: It's not bad. [line_index=5]
- Rachel: Oh my God! Look what... you made it into a bunny. How did you do that? [line_index=6; stage=she looks at the cake]
- Ross: Well, I just made these two things uhm... cheeks. And then I split this to make ears. [line_index=7]
- Rachel: Well, I'm very impressed. [line_index=8]
- Ross: Some can sing, some can dance. I apparently can turn phallic cakes into woodland creatures. [line_index=9]

## Scene s10e04_sc59 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler
Description: Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler, Monica and Emma are sitting on the floor, and Emma's stuffed animals are lined up in front of them.

- Monica: Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size. [line_index=0]
- Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? [line_index=1]
- Monica: Game? [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old, that's little. [line_index=3; stage=With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger and babbles...]
- Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl! [line_index=4]
- Monica: That's how old you are. [line_index=5]
- Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom? [line_index=6]
- Monica: Ooh, I want one... [line_index=7; stage=embraces Emma tightly]
- Chandler: Me too... [line_index=8]

## Scene s10e04_sc60 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler
Description: There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...

- Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? [line_index=0]
- Monica: ...and head to Canada! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I was kidding. [line_index=2]
- Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going! [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e04_sc61 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler
Description: Phoebe enters the apartment again.

- Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: No, not yet. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party. [line_index=2]
- Monica: What about your massage client? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something, you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. [line_index=4]

## Scene s10e04_sc62 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. Chandler
Description: Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.

- Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE TIME! [line_index=0]

## Scene s10e04_sc63 | Ross and Rachel enter
Description: Ross and Rachel enter.

- Joey: I've been here the whole time! [line_index=0; stage=to Ross and Rachel]
- Ross: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks you guys! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? [line_index=5; stage=holds up his index finger again]
- Emma: Wo-ish. [line_index=6; stage=and holds up her finger]

## Scene s10e04_sc64 | Ross and Rachel gasp
Description: Ross and Rachel gasp

- Rachel: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means... [line_index=1]
- Rachel: NO, no science camp! [line_index=2; stage=angrily]
- Ross: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly! [line_index=4]
- Monica: Thanks! [line_index=5]
- Ross: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow out the candle. Come on Emma. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Let's do it, come on! [line_index=7]

## Scene s10e04_sc65 | Ross and Rachel gasp
Description: Rachel wipes away some tears.

- Ross: What's wrong? Are you okay? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Hey, you made it into a bunny. [line_index=2; stage=pointing at cake]
- Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it was a penis. ENDING CREDITS [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e04_sc66 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel. They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front of the camera
Description: Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel. They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front of the camera.

- Rachel: Okay. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Okay, you ready? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=2]
- Ross: A-a-and... record. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Okay. Hi Emma. Well, your first birthday is over, and it was really... [line_index=4; emotions=anger; stage=they both look into the camera, and Ross waves. There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler, Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming fanatically.]
- Phoebe: Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard! end [line_index=5; emotions=anger; stage=yelling at the top of her voice]
- Chandler: I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? [line_index=6]
- Monica: Game? [line_index=7]
- Chandler: Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old, that's little. [line_index=8]

## Scene s10e04_sc67 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel. They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front of the camera
Description: With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger and babbles...

- Chandler: Ooh! That's my girl! [line_index=0]
- Monica: That's how old you are. [line_index=1]
- Chandler: Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom? [line_index=2]
- Monica: Ooh, I want one... [line_index=3; stage=embraces Emma tightly]
- Chandler: Me too... [line_index=4]

## Scene s10e04_sc68 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel. They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front of the camera
Description: There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...

- Chandler: There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? [line_index=0]
- Monica: ...and head to Canada! [line_index=1]
- Chandler: I was kidding. [line_index=2]
- Monica: I wasn't. Let's get going! [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e04_sc69 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel. They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front of the camera
Description: Phoebe enters the apartment again.

- Phoebe: Hey, are Ross and Rachel back? [line_index=0]
- Chandler: No, not yet. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Oh good, I didn't miss the party. [line_index=2]
- Monica: What about your massage client? [line_index=3]
- Phoebe: I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something, you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. [line_index=4]

## Scene s10e04_sc70 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel. They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front of the camera
Description: Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.

- Joey: Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE TIME! [line_index=0]

## Scene s10e04_sc71 | Ross and Rachel enter
Description: Ross and Rachel enter.

- Joey: I've been here the whole time! [line_index=0; stage=to Ross and Rachel]
- Ross: Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs. [line_index=1]
- Rachel: I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks you guys! [line_index=2]
- Chandler: Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: What? [line_index=4]
- Chandler: Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? [line_index=5; stage=holds up his index finger again]
- Emma: Wo-ish. [line_index=6; stage=and holds up her finger]

## Scene s10e04_sc72 | Ross and Rachel gasp
Description: Ross and Rachel gasp

- Rachel: Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many! [line_index=0]
- Ross: Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means... [line_index=1]
- Rachel: NO, no science camp! [line_index=2; stage=angrily]
- Ross: Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly! [line_index=4]
- Monica: Thanks! [line_index=5]
- Ross: Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow out the candle. Come on Emma. [line_index=6]
- Chandler: Let's do it, come on! [line_index=7]

## Scene s10e04_sc73 | Ross and Rachel gasp
Description: Rachel wipes away some tears.

- Ross: What's wrong? Are you okay? [line_index=0]
- Rachel: Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted. [line_index=1]
- Phoebe: Hey, you made it into a bunny. [line_index=2; stage=pointing at cake]
- Joey: What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it was a penis. [line_index=3]

## Scene s10e04_sc74 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel. They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front of the camera
Description: Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel. They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front of the camera.

- Rachel: Okay. [line_index=0]
- Ross: Okay, you ready? [line_index=1]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=2]
- Ross: A-a-and... record. [line_index=3]
- Rachel: Okay. Hi Emma. Well, your first birthday is over, and it was really... [line_index=4; emotions=anger; stage=they both look into the camera, and Ross waves. There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler, Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming fanatically.]
- Phoebe: Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard! end [line_index=5; emotions=anger; stage=yelling at the top of her voice]
- Ross: Okay, you ready? [line_index=6]
- Rachel: Yeah. [line_index=7]
- Ross: A-a-and... record. [line_index=8]
- Rachel: Okay. Hi Emma. Well, your first birthday is over, and it was really... [line_index=9; stage=they both look into the camera, and Ross waves.]

## Scene s10e04_sc75 | Rachel and Joey's apartment. It's just Ross and Rachel. They put the camera on a tripod in the kitchen and they are standing in front of the camera
Description: There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler, Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming fanatically.

- Phoebe: Go, go, go Alan! Run you, hairy bastard! [line_index=0; emotions=anger; stage=yelling at the top of her voice]
